"The High Wilderness! Where stars burn, and winds moan, and mists drift in ragged folds. The suns make their homes here; and now, so too do Londoners, building new lives out in the dark."=天野！群星燎燃，泠风低吟，迷雾萦绕在嶙峋的褶岩间。在这里安家的曾是那些太阳，如今则是伦敦人——他们在黑暗中建立了新的家园。
The Sky=天空
You have moved to a new area=你已经移动到一个新的地区
Titania=狄坦妮娅
L&S Nature Reserve=L&S自然保留地
The clamouring central station of New Winchester. A place of steam and smut and thundering iron. Here, you can find people willing to pay for a skilled captain's service.=新温彻斯特中央车站人声鼎沸，到处是蒸汽、灰烟与轰鸣着的钢铁。在这里，总是有人愿意雇用一位老练的车长。
Wolvesey Station=伍夫斯托克站
"This peaceful, carmine institution was founded by devils from London and dedicated to the betterment of the soul. Botheridge's 'A Tour of Heaven' describes it as 'a cross between a spa, a sanatorium and purgatory'. She commends its bracing airs."="伦敦的魔鬼建立了这个安宁的胭脂色机构，以致力于改善灵魂的状况。博瑟里奇的《天堂之旅》称它“介于温泉、疗养院与炼狱之间”=还称赞了这里提神醒脑的空气。"
Carillon Centre=钟琴区中心
"A bucolic village nestled within looming pre-human ruins. The dock is little more than a farmyard. Port Avon's inhabitants quickly tire of visitors, but you may be able to find ways to increase your welcome here before you venture into the village proper."=一个田园牧歌式的村庄，依偎在比人类到来更有历史的依稀废墟中。与其说是港口，不如说是个大农村。埃文港的居民会很快对访客感到厌烦，但在你冒险进入村庄之前，你也许能能找到方法来增加你在这里的受欢迎程度。
Port Avon Dock=埃文港码头
"Traitor's Wood is a sprawling, secluded forest on the edge of the Reach. Few venture beneath its gloomy boughs, and legend speaks of a king who sleeps under the barrow at the wood's heart."=叛徒之森是外野边沿的一片广阔而僻静的树林。少有人会冒险走到这些阴沉的枝桠之间，传说有一位国王沉睡在树林中心的土丘下面。
The Forest's Edge=森林边沿
"A travelling circus has settled here= too afraid to go further and too afraid to turn back. Its clanking= gaudy locomotive scavenges such audiences as it can from nearby homesteads and delivers them for an evening of shabby= desperate big-top magic."=一个移动马戏班在这里安顿了下来——他们不敢向前，也不敢回头。他们那叮铃咣当、花里胡哨的列车头从附近的农庄扒拉来了一些观众，并把他们带去看了一晚上蹩脚而令人失望的马戏篷魔术。
Jervaise's Rest=杰尔韦斯的安息
"The frantic, hustling heart of Lustrum, crammed with prospectors, pedlars, and purveyors of essential – and occasionally legal – services. Most business takes place here, unless you're a dreamer seeking your fortune on the claim fields."=伍载镇忙乱而仓促的心脏地带，这儿挤满了勘探者、小商小贩与基本服务——偶尔是合法的——供应商。大多数生意都在这里进行，除非你做着在矿区发财的梦。
Prospector's Quarter=勘探者的街区
"Crammed at the feet of a hulking crag, Port Prosper is a little London – divided into an affluent West End and an impecunious East. Queen's Cross is a busy station, crowded with engines that have arrived through the nearby transit relay from Albion."=兴荣港的人们挤在一座陡峭的山崖下头，这儿就像伦敦那样，被划分为富裕的西区与贫穷的东区。女王十字站被从阿尔比恩附近的中转站抵达的列车堵得水泄不通。
Queen's Cross Station=女王十字站
Magdalene's is the closest thing many skyfarers have to a home. It offers services to alleviate the strain of a life spent too close to the stars.=对于许多天行者来说，抹大拉之家是最接近“家”的地方。它提供一些服务，以缓解这些与群星离得太近的人的压力。
The House of Small Comfort=小安乐窝
"A fledgling colony trying to dig its fingernails deep enough into the spongy, fungal fabric of the Reach to cling on when hard times come. It is a sad truth that many more settlements are founded than flourish."=一个试图在外野海绵似的真菌地表上牢牢地扎下根来、以便在困难时期到来时可以得以存续的新殖民地。悲伤的事实是：人们建立了许多定居点，但繁荣兴旺的却没几个。
Hybrasr=蕙质兰心
"Titania is cupped in the petals of a colossal orchid. Heady with scent, lurid with colour. An enclave of Bohemians have made it their home, seeking inspiration in the wildness of the Reach."=狄坦妮娅被托在一朵巨大的兰花的花瓣上，芳香四溢，色彩斑斓。外野一处飞地中的波西米亚人把它当作自己的家，聊以慰藉。
Valentine Square=情人节广场
"Here the Titanians make their homes, each built according to the aesthetic whims of its owner. Some are tall, others wide; a few are slim and curving, while others have large, voyeuristic windows."=狄坦妮娅人在这里建立了他们的家，每一座都来自其主人独特审美与一时心血来潮。有的很高，有的很宽；有的纤细而充满曲线，有的则装了巨大的窥视窗。
Bloom Bower=花亭
"Here, in Posy Park, Titania's inhabitants retire to relax and indulge. There are houses for tea and coffee, scenic bowers to rest beneath, and gardens of repose, reflection, and inspiration."=锦簇公园，狄坦妮娅的退休居民于此流连沉醉。这里有供人休憩观景的小亭，静思冥想的花园，还有品香茗饮咖啡的小屋。
Posy Park=锦簇公园
"The great debate of Titania is, ""What should be done with Petal Fall?"" The squabbling artistic schools all have grand, and entirely incompatible, designs for the area.","狄坦妮娅的一大辩论是：""应该如何处理花瓣谷？"" 争吵不休的各个艺术流派都对该地区有宏伟而全然不同的设计。"
Petal Fall=花瓣谷
Limbo=地狱边缘
"The local headquarters of the Windward Company, London's proxy in the Reach. Deliver port reports here to receive rewards and win the Company's favour."=伦敦在外野的代理人——迎风公司的本地总部。在此处递交港口报告可以领到报酬并赢得公司的声望。
Company House=公司大楼
"The Assembly – a coalition of independent-minded settlers colloquially called 'Tacketies' – gather and argue, here. Deliver port reports here to receive rewards and win the Tacketies' favour."=大议会——俗称“钉鞋党”的意图独立的定居侨民同盟——在这里集会和协商。在此处提交港口报告可以领到报酬并赢得钉鞋党人的声望。
Victory Hall=常胜厅
The verdant domain of an absent monarch.=一片无人统治、生机勃勃的土地。
The Reach=外野
The Home of Empire.=帝国之家
Albion=阿尔比恩
Here is the Power of Death.=死亡的力量于此呈现。
The Blue Kingdom=蓝色王国
The Light is wrong.=光不对劲。
Eleutheria=厄琉忒里亚
"Leadbeater & Stainrod is an elderly London company; the custodians of the Empire's first supernal nature reserve. To find work with them, head for Capability's Cabins. If you'd rather enjoy the reserve, seek the gateway of Albert's Idyll."=李德彼特&斯坦罗德是伦敦的一家老牌公司，也是帝国第一个超自然保护区的管理者。如果你想从他们那里找一份工作，请去能力小屋。如果你想逛一逛保护区，可以找一找艾伯特诗门。
L&S Loading Bay,L&S装货区
"A clump of cabins used by Leadbeater & Stainrod's researchers as they plumb and catalogue the secrets of the reserve. Enterprising captains may find work for the company, here."=这些小屋都由李德彼特&斯坦罗德的研究人员所用，他们正在勘探保护区的秘密并为其编目。野心勃勃的车长在这里说不定能找到该公司的工作。
Capability's Inquest=能力审核
"The Leadbeater & Stainrod nature reserve is an immense, untrodden hinterland of the Reach's unreasonably fecund flora and fauna. It is popular with London's more outdoorsy tourists."=李德彼特&斯坦罗德自然保留地是一块极为辽阔、未经开发的腹地，有着外野丰富得不合理的动植物群。它极受伦敦户外游客的欢迎。
Albert's Idyll=艾伯特诗门
"A golden nebula scintillates above Port Avon's apple-trees, allotments, eel-fishers, and steepled church. Here you may, if you choose, immerse yourself in the village's quaint rhythms."=在埃文港的苹果树、农田、鳗鱼渔夫和阶梯教堂上闪烁着金色的星云。若是你愿意，在这里，你可以沉浸在乡村的古朴韵律中。
The Village Green=绿村
"Botheridge's 'A Tour of Heaven' describes Port Avon's single public house as: 'a welcome respite, justly famed for its authentic, Old Earth cider. The locals can be welcoming, for a while.' You may be able to recruit more crew, here.","博瑟里奇的《天堂之旅》将埃文港仅有的公馆描述为“一个受欢迎的休息场所，因其正宗的老式地球苹果酒而闻名。当地人一时间也十分热情。“在这里=你也许能招募到更多的列车员。"
The Nowhere Inn=无处旅馆
"What palace was this? What giant-king made his home, here? And why did he abandon the vast stores of souls that the locals still quarry from beneath the stones? Perhaps you might risk a furtive excavation of your own."=这是什么宫殿？哪一位帝王在这里安家？他为什么放弃了当地人一直以来从石头下面采掘出来的大量灵魂？也许你可以自己冒险进行一次偷偷摸摸的挖掘。
The Cyclopean Ruins=乱石遗址
The old deserted house floating above Port Avon.=漂浮在埃文港上方的废弃古屋。
The Old Abernathy House=阿伯纳西老宅
"Here, a squabbling group of academics have established a camp to untangle the knotty secrets of the wood. You can assist them, if you are so inclined."=在这里，一群争吵不休的学者建立了一个营地，以解开森林中错综复杂的秘密。若是你也有此意，你可以协助他们。
Summerset Camp=夏暮营地
The Deepwood=深林
The Regent's Grave=摄政王之墓
"The mountain's slopes are veined with the unmined hours the Enduring Empress hungers for. They are dug from the stone as geodes, minutes growing within them like salt. Most geodes are the size of a walnut, but legend says Old Tom – one of the first prospectors – excavated a whole century, the size of a whale."=这座山的山坡上布满了女皇一直以来渴望但未曾开采的时间。它们被挖出时还保留着晶洞的样子，时间则像盐一样在其中生长。大多数晶洞只有核桃大小，但传说老汤姆——最早的勘探者之一——挖掘了有鲸鱼那么大的晶洞，里面包含了一整个世纪。
The Claim Fields=矿区
"The main thoroughfare of Port Prosper. A crowded and bustling promenade adjacent to the Span, where West-Enders take the air and spend their wealth in the tea-rooms and dress shops that throng the arcade."=兴荣港的主要大道。毗邻斯班的一条拥挤而繁华的长廊，西区人在这里乘凉，在拱廊上拥挤的茶室和服装店里消费他们的财富。
Port Prosper Arcade=兴隆港购物中心
SPARE AREA=备用区域
Workers in neat uniforms guide your locomotive to rest. Tourist engines rest alongside trading engines; crews trade gossip and delicacies. Signs in block capitals make abundantly clear that this is a place for pleasure.=穿着整洁制服的工人引导你的机车休息。旅游机车与贸易机车靠在一起；乘务员交换闲言碎语和美味佳肴。大写字母的标志非常清楚地表明，这是一个享受的地方。
Palace Pier=皇宫码头
"London's chief station, draped in Union Jacks and studded with bronze busts of Her Renewed Majesty. The platforms crowd with people. If the Throne of Hours is London's heart, this is its carotid artery."=伦敦的主要车站，墙上嵌满了崭新的女王陛下半身铜像，也挂满了联合杰克（英国国旗）。月台挤满了人。如果说时间王座是伦敦之心，这里就是它的颈动脉。
St Dominic's Station=圣多米尼克站
"The soaring, sepulchral heart of the Most Serene Mausoleum. Constructed over the cooling embers of Albion's murdered sun; the Mausoleum was built to house London's most glorious dead."=至圣陵墓那高耸的中心。阿尔比恩的太阳早已被谋杀，而陵墓坐落于它那冰冷的余烬之上；这里安葬着伦敦那些最光荣的死者。
The Nave=正厅
"The ancient palace drifts through the void, a monument to British democracy and the greatness it believes it brought to the High Wilderness. An elderly guard watches with suspicion as you dock, but relaxes at the sight of fellow Londoners."=古代的宫殿飘荡在虚空中。这是不列颠式民主、也是它赋予天野的伟大的纪念碑。一名老警卫疑心重重地看着你们靠岸，但一看到伦敦同胞的面孔就放松了下来。
Cromwell's Gate=克伦威尔之门
Avid Horizon=渴求之地平线
"The officials of Brabazon never bothered to formally name this waypoint. Captains dock here to pick up goods or deliver workers. It is not a place to linger, because of the proximity to the accelerated time of the workworld."=布拉巴宗的官员们从来都懒得为这个航点正式命名。车长们在这里停靠，以提取货物或运送工人。这里靠近工作世界的高速时间流，并非久居之地。
The Bit Between=位面之间
"The dock is rarely used and its maintenance has lapsed. There's evidence of rust and metal strain, but only of non-crucial components – it's safe to stop, for now. Once inside the dock, the sun's scouring light is diminished."=码头鲜有人至，年久失修。有些金属部件锈迹斑斑且磨损严重，但只是次要部件--现在可以安全地抛锚。一旦进入船坞，太阳的辐射就会减弱。
Sunspur=太阳神
A little piece of Albion on the edge of the Empyrean. Here Her Majesty's Embassy works tirelessly to maintain cordial relations with the Empyreals.=阿尔比恩位于上国边缘的一块小管辖地。在这里，女王陛下的大使馆不知疲倦地工作，以保持与苍天上国的友好关系。
The Lane of Lions and Unicorns=金狮独角兽小巷
"Perdurance is a jewel in the Empire's crown. Here, time is mastered and the flower of the Empire's youth disport in eternal opulence. The dock gleams, continually polished by an array of dock hands-cum-butlers."=琥珀宫是嵌在帝国王冠上的一颗宝石。在这里，时间尽在掌握，而花一样的帝国青年们就在这永恒的优裕中自娱自乐。码头被一大帮工人兼管家擦得几乎发光。
The Antechamber=前厅
The Half-Light Masque=明暗假面
Below Stairs=台阶之下
"The Avid Horizon consists of three parts. The Home Office: clinging to a pillar of ice. The Gate, through which Londoners entered the sky, flanked by its towering statues. And the Quiet Sea, whose waters are home to those left behind."=渴求之地平线由三部分组成。内政部：依附在一根冰柱上。大门，伦敦人通过它进入天空，两边是那高耸的雕像。还有寂静海，那片水域是那些留守之人的家。
The Home Office=内政部
The Quiet Sea=寂静海
"As exuberant as an old pirate-den of the Caribbean, Pan's station teems with thieves and merchants, smugglers and evangelicals of inventive new cults. In a grove nearby is the seat of the Cypress-King, who has little power."=就像加勒比海上的一个古老的海盗窝一样，潘的驻地充斥着小偷和商人、走私者和创造性的新邪教的传教士。在附近的一个小树林里，有一个柏树王的所在地，他没有什么权力。
King's Idyll Station=王诗站
"A mansion of immense size, surrounded by acres of neatly-kept garden. It is tranquil here; in fact, it appears utterly devoid of life."=一座规模巨大的豪宅，被数英亩整洁的花园所包围。这里是宁静的；事实上，这里似乎完全没有生命。
The Niobe Seclusion=尼奥比隐居地
"Vast, desolate, broken. Once, this creature flew majestically through the heavens. Now, it floats in silence, a monument to a Judgement's wrath."=硕大，荒凉，破碎。曾经，这个生物雄伟地飞过天际。现在，它静静地漂浮在空中，成为司命之怒的例证。
The Carapace=躯壳
"Devils occupy the caves beneath this crumbled temple. The air is always slow with the scent of roses. Mirrors are sacred, here."=魔鬼们占据着这座破败的寺庙下面的洞穴。空气中总是缓慢地弥漫着玫瑰花的香味。在这里，镜子是神圣的。
Caduceus=双蛇杖
"An illicit haven of tea and spices, glowing gently in the darkness of a poisonous marsh. Sweet scents drift down from the market above, soon lost in the noxious fumes."=一个非法茶叶与香料的避风港，在黑暗的毒沼中轻轻地发光。甜蜜的香气自上面的市场飘落，须臾消散在剧毒的迷雾中。
Achlys=阿赫利斯
"A sprawling house of numberless rooms. Founded by Lord Langley, it is a refuge for those willing to brave the dark of Eleutheria. Outside it stands the Last Lamp-Post: the furthest-flung beacon of London life."=一座由无数个房间组成的庞大的房子。它由兰利勋爵建立，是那些愿意勇敢面对埃卢瑟亚黑暗的人的避难所。屋外矗立着最后的灯柱：伦敦生活中最遥远的灯塔。
Langley Hall=兰利厅
"A gleaming fortress, where the Khan and his family reside. Its ornamentation glories the Khan's rule; its extensive fortifications enforce it."=一座闪闪发光的堡垒，大可汗和他的家人居住的地方。雕画的装饰上闪耀着大可汗的统治荣光，而无数的碉堡则为其提供保障。
The Khan's Palace=大汗宫城
"The electric-and-neon jewel in the Eagle Khan's crown, and the only Empyrean city in the High Wilderness. A solitary bastion of brightness in the long night of Eleutheria."=这里是雄鹰汗王冠上的闪着霓虹灯光的明珠，也是天野中唯一的苍天上国城市。这里是厄琉忒里亚的长夜中孤独矗立的光之堡垒。
The Empyrean=九天之国
"A temple at the top of a mountain, reached by a long pilgrim road. Inside it, statues of devils bearing instruments march towards a throne. The smell of roses lingers."=一座位于山顶的寺庙，通过一条漫长的朝圣之路到达。寺庙内，手持乐器的魔鬼雕像向宝座行进。玫瑰花的香味萦绕着。
The Dome of the Rose=玫瑰穹顶
"The gloomy caves below Caduceus, where all is dark and quiet – but for the steady rhythmic beating of drums somewhere close by."=双蛇杖下面的幽暗洞穴，那里的一切都笼罩在黑暗与死寂下——除了附近某处传来的规律性的鼓声。
The Darkling Caverns=阴暗岩洞
"Pretty mansions of stone and glass rise above the verdant gardens, while below, machines whirr and groan. A persistent sound of hammering pounds through the air."=石头和玻璃的漂亮豪宅耸立在葱郁的花园之上，而下面则是机器的呼呼声和呻吟声。空气中持续不断地传来敲打的声音。
The Airy=空中花园
The Royal Society's observatory is named for King Charles' canniest mistress. Nell's Tower is the jewel in the Society's crown.=皇家学会的天文台是以查尔斯国王最狡猾的女主人命名的。内尔塔是该协会皇冠上的宝石。
Nell's Tower=内尔塔
"The workshops under the Airy are known collectively as Portsmouth House. The glass and brick factories are staffed by harassed inventors and engineers, working constantly to produce the next advancement in adventuring equipment."=艾利号下的工场被统称为朴茨茅斯大厦。玻璃厂和砖厂的员工都是被骚扰的发明家和工程师，他们不断地工作，以生产冒险设备的下一个进步。
Portsmouth House=朴茨茅斯大厦
"A cosy country house bolted onto the side of the Society's glass houses and overgrown lawns, this is the meeting place of the infamous Rochester Racing Club."=一座舒适的乡村别墅被栓在协会的玻璃房和杂草丛生的草坪边上，这里是臭名昭著的罗切斯特赛马俱乐部的聚会场所。
The Rochester ClubZ=罗切斯特赛马俱乐部
"A number of instruments of government are located here. The Horological Office (which regulates time across the Empire), the Office of Works (which ensures the jobs no one else can be bothered with are done), and the Ministry of Public Decency (which curates the notion of 'Britishness' with the same care a lepidopterist uses to pin a butterfly to a board.)","许多政府机构都设在这里。时计部（负责管理整个帝国的时间），工程局（负责确保无人问津的工作得以完成），以及公德部（负责定义 ""英国人 ""的概念，就像鳞翅目动物学家把蝴蝶钉在木板上一样小心翼翼）。"
The Ministries=公德部
Its engineers will conduct brisk locomotive repairs for visiting captains; but their chief responsibility is the production of small but essential components used by a dozen different engine-manufacturers.=其工程师将为来访的车长进行快速的机车维修；但他们的主要责任是生产十几个不同的发动机制造商所使用的小型但重要的部件。
Steam & Sapphire Yards=蒸汽和蓝宝石场
"A single street cuts through the groves, its houses an immaculate copy of London architecture. Three of the revolutionaries' governing Calendar Council have often been seen here: February, January, and ineffable December."=一条街道穿过丛林，其房屋是伦敦建筑的完美复制。在这里经常可以看到革命者的三个执政日历会。二月、一月和不可言喻的十二月。
Winter's Reside=冬日之居
"This clot of sable groves is home to the devils of the Brazen Brigade. At its heart stands the Adamant Idol, whose arrhythmic piping determines the current hour in Pan. The Brazen Brigade are its interpreters. They promise they are utterly impartial."=这片貂皮树林是勇者大队的魔鬼们的家。在它的中心，矗立着亚当神像，它那有节奏的管道声决定了潘的当前时间。钎子队是它的解释者。他们保证他们是完全公正的。
The Brazen Brigade=勇敢大队
"A grizzled coterie of gardeners care for this unusual orchard. The plants that grow here are Heart-Catchers, whose fruit looks - and speaks - like human heads."=一帮垂垂老矣的园丁照料着这个奇特的果园。这里种的是捕心花，它们的果实不仅看起来像人的脑袋，说起话来也像人的脑袋。
Heart-Catcher Gardens=捕心花花园
"A constant stream of dead spirits enters the Blue Kingdom through the base of the tower. Once there was a manned tollgate, but the fees have become more complicated, and the toll window is closed now."=源源不断的亡灵通过塔底进入蓝色王国。曾经有一个有人值守的收费站，但收费变得更加复杂，现在收费窗口已经关闭。
The Darkling Caverns=阴暗岩洞
"A colossal many-towered citadel contains the Lyceum, an ancient library and rumoured to hold the fabled Forge of Souls within its depths."=一个巨大的多塔堡垒包含了Lyceum，一个古老的图书馆，据传在其深处有传说中的灵魂锻造器。
The Forge of Souls=灵魂铸炉
"Half-ziggurat, half-fortress, the Court is where spirits go to face judgement before they meet their end. A meek little city has sprung up around it almost by default."=半是金字塔，半是堡垒，法院是鬼魂们迎接审判前的地方。一个温顺的小城市在它周围兴起，几乎是默认的。
The Stone-Faced Court=石面法庭
"A knot of houses surrounds the station. Past these, the landscape declines into mud and misery. Somewhere beneath that bleak mire lies the Catafalque, where spirits approach their end."=车站周围有一圈房子。走过这些房子，风景就只剩下泥土和苦难。在那暗淡的泥沼下的某处就是灵柩，灵魂走向终点的地方。
The Catafalque=灵柩
"The House is lit from nowhere in the colour of dawn. It has no windows anywhere in its great facade, only colonnades and stone. It gives the impression of having been extended again and again, portions of the building at different heights with different roofs."=这座房子不知从何而来的灯光，呈现出黎明的颜色。它的巨大外墙没有任何窗户，只有柱廊和石头。它给人的印象是被一次又一次地扩展，建筑的一部分处于不同的高度，有不同的屋顶。
The House of Days=时光之屋
"A smattering of dark cottages at the White Well's edge. It is surrounded by endless rows of tumbled and broken statues, mere specks against the snow."=在白井边上有零星的黑暗小屋。它的周围是无尽的一排翻滚着的破碎的雕像，在雪地上只是一些斑点。
Wellmouth=井口
The Lyceum=学会
Thriving flowerbeds. Statues. Obsessively-trimmed grass. An ornamental lake, shining and perfectly circular, like a dropped shilling. These surround the glittering palace called the Shadow of the Sun.=繁荣的花坛。雕像。精心修剪过的草。一个装饰性的湖泊，闪亮而完美的圆形，像一个掉落的先令。这些都围绕着被称为 "太阳之影 "的闪亮的宫殿。
The Shadow of the Sun=日影殿
"A coalition of smugglers, bound by crimson oaths of silence."=一个为绯红缄默之誓所约束的走私者联盟。
The Gentlemen=绅士会
The head offices of a lumber concern that imports bronzewood from the Reach.=木材公司的总部，他们从事进口外野青铜木的生意。
Wit & Vinegar Lumber Co.=尖酸&狡黠木材公司
