Magdalenes=抹大拉之家
bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo=绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 
bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo bloo ...=绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 绽放 ...
TestBargain =测试便宜货
Urban=城市
"A consignment of recent publications have arrived from London. Journals of Her Enduring Majesty's courtiers, recounting her wisest judgements. Mournful memorial poetry written at the Most Serene Mausoleum. Accounts of the eternally-youthful debutantes at Perdurance, and their unending revels."=一批最近的出版物从伦敦运来。女王陛下的臣子们的日记，讲述了她最明智的决断。哀伤的挽诗写在最安宁的陵墓。记载了在琥珀宫的那些永远年轻的少女们，以及她们无尽的狂欢。
Ministry-Approved Literature=公德部批准的文献
FailbetterJames=失败的詹姆斯
It has been thoroughly censored. Nothing here is likely to startle your maiden aunt. Or make her cackle.=它已被仔细地删减过，恐怕里面的任何内容都不可能吓到或逗乐你未婚的姨妈了。
ministryliterature=一些已经神职人员审核通过的文学著作
Goods=货物
Approved Literature can be reliably purchased at Perdurance and Worlebury-juxta-Mare.=批准的文献可以在琥珀宫和Worlebury-juxta-Mare可靠地购买。
A consignment of recent publications have arrived from London...=一批最近的出版物已从伦敦运抵...
A bibliophile's bargain: the latest literature from London=藏书家的便宜货：来自伦敦的最新文学作品
Reuse=再利用
Fuel=燃油
Barry Hemans=巴里-海曼斯
Your engine is always hungry.=你的机车始终饥渴。
fuel=燃料
TestAnother=测试另一个
Run of the mill bargareeno=奔跑的巴格利诺
Gourds of Chorister Nectar=几瓢唱诗蜂蜜
"For tea-drinkers it's a sweetener; for poets an inebriant. For singers it's an enhancement, widening the vocal range by a valuable semi-tone or two."=对饮茶者来说，它是一种甜味剂；对诗人来说，它像酒精一样让人沉醉。对歌唱家来说，它是一种增强，可以将音域拓宽一两个宝贵的半音。
choristernectar=合唱团
"Nectar can be reliably purchased at Titania and Carillon, or collected from Chorister-hives."=花蜜可以在狄坦妮娅和钟琴区买到，或者从诵经者的蜂巢中收集。
Gourd of Chorister Nectar=一瓢唱诗蜂蜜
Just another bargain=又是一个便宜货
Titania=狄坦妮娅
"An irritable footman is taking whatever he can for the crockery. The dinnerware seems in mint condition; why is his master selling it? He indicates the geometric pattern. ""Last season, innit? It's all wistful featherin' now."""="一个暴躁的男仆正在拿他能拿的东西来换餐具。餐具似乎处于全新的状态；为什么他的主人要卖掉它？他指出了几何图案。""上一季，是吗？现在都是俏皮的羽毛了。"""
Crates of Nostalgic Crockery=成箱的怀旧陶器
"Fine London china; porcelain plates bearing the Empress' face; cups and saucers, traced with roses."=精美的伦敦瓷器；印有皇后面容的瓷盘；描有玫瑰花纹的杯碟。
CrateofNostalgicCrockery=怀旧的摇篮的崩溃
"Crockery can be reliably purchased at Brabazon and the Floating Parliament, or sometimes retrieved from flotsam and jetsam."=陶器可以在布拉巴宗（Brabazon）和浮空议院（Floating Parliament）可靠地买到，有时也可以从浮尸和垃圾中找回。
Crate of Nostalgic Crockery=一箱引人怀旧的陶器
An irritable footman is taking whatever he can for the crockery...=一个暴躁的男仆正在拿他能拿的东西来换餐具...
Crockery for sale! Nearly new! Cups! Saucers! Gravy boats!=卖餐具!都是很新的!杯子!碟子!安士汁斗！
Another bargain for testing=另一个测试的便宜货
Wooden Discs=木质圆盘
A fragment of evidence that points to the sleeping king's identity as that of St John the Evangelist.=一块证据的残片，指出沉睡的国王的身份正是施洗约翰。
bronzewoodplating=青铜木覆板
Reach: Traitor's Wood=外野：叛徒之森
A Wooden Disc=木制圆盘
Testsome Bargains=试验性的便宜货
Reach=外野
"The captain of a battered mining-locomotive is selling unrefined hours quarried from drifting sky-rocks. Each is a walnut-sized geode, within which an hour grows like salt-crystals. The captain dabs discreetly at his eye with a handkerchief. Being close to this much time makes one melancholy."=一辆破旧的采矿机车的车长正在出售从漂流的天空岩石中采出的未提炼的小时。每个人都是一个核桃大小的阳极，里面的小时像盐晶一样生长。车长用手帕小心翼翼地擦拭着他的眼睛。靠近这么多时间会让人感到忧郁。
Barrels of Unseasoned Hours=几桶未加工的时间
"A barrel, encased in beeswax and stamped with the Ministry's mark. Its contents sigh like the tide."=一个用蜂蜡封装的桶，上面盖着公德部的标记。里面的东西像潮水一样叹息。
BarrelofUnseasonedHours=不合时宜的时间
"Hours can be reliably purchased at Port Prosper and Lustrum, and mined from sky-rocks in the Reach."=小时可以在兴荣和伍载镇可靠地购买，也可以从外野的天空岩石中开采。
Barrel of Unseasoned Hours=一桶未加工的时间
The captain of a battered mining-locomotive is selling unrefined hours quarried from drifting sky-rocks...=一辆破旧的采矿机车的车长正在出售从漂流的天空岩石中开采出来的未经提炼的时间。
"Hours, mined from the sky"=时间，从天空中开采出来的
"A syndicate of allotment-owners are selling seeds. The vegetation of the Reach grows boisterously, even violently, and the sacks are strapped tight with leather belts."=一个由配种者组成的集团正在出售种子。外野的植被生长得很旺盛，甚至很猛烈，麻袋被皮筋绑得很紧。
Sacks of Verdant Seeds=一袋翠绿的种子
From which mighty trunks may grow. Or any number of other things. The flora of the High Wilderness is erratic.=从中可以长出强大的树干。或任何数量的其他东西。天野的植物群是不稳定的。
verdantseeds=翠绿的种子
Verdant Seeds can be reliably purchased at Hybras or the Leadbeater & Stainrod Nature Reserve.=翠绿的种子可以在Hybras或李德彼特&斯坦罗德自然保护区可靠地购买。
Sack of Verdant Seeds=一袋绿色的种子
A syndicate of allotment-owners are selling seeds...=一个由拨款人组成的集团正在出售种子...
A good price for Verdant Seeds=翠绿种子的好价格
"A Whistling Apiarist is selling fresh (or at least recent) chorister-nectar. A versatile substance used, variably, as a sweetener, an intoxicant, and a tonic for the vocal chords. The Apiarist seems jolly, though his tune is not."=一个吹口哨的养蜂人正在出售新鲜的（或至少是最近的）唱诗蜂蜜。这种物质用途广泛，可作为甜味剂、麻醉剂和声带的补品。蜂农看起来很高兴，但他的调子却不高兴。
A Whistling Apiarist is selling fresh (or at least recent) chorister-nectar...=一个吹口哨的Apiarist正在出售新鲜的（或至少是最近的）唱诗蜂蜜...
Chorister-nectar! Going cheap!=唱诗蜂蜜!特价出售！
"A spirifer is an unlicensed dealer in souls. This one has a perpetual sniffle. He finds a quiet corner to show you a sample of grubby bottles. Wispy shapes coil inside. ""See?"" he sniffs. ""Fine as porcelain. I swears every one of 'em was teetotal or church-goin'."""="小精灵是一个没有执照的灵魂商人。这个人一直在流鼻涕。他找了一个安静的角落，给你看了一个肮脏的瓶子样本。飘渺的形状在里面盘旋。""看到了吗？""他嗅了嗅。""像瓷器一样精细。我发誓，他们中的每一个人都是戒酒的，或者是去教堂的。"""
Jumbles of Undistinguished Souls=几堆平庸灵魂
The bottles are as ordinary as the souls that coil inside them.=这些瓶子和盘绕其中的灵魂一样普通。
undistinguishedsouls=平庸的灵魂
"Undistinguished Souls can be reliably purchased at Magdalene's, Port Avon and the White Well. They can sometimes be salvaged from Eaters of the Dead and Spirifer Engines, or extracted from vaults in the Blue Kingdom."="平庸灵魂可以在抹大拉之家、艾文港和白井可靠地购买。它们有时可以从 ""食死徒 ""和 ""螺旋桨引擎 ""那里打捞出来，或者从蓝色王国的地窖中提取。"
Jumble of Undistinguished Souls=一堆平庸灵魂
A spirifer is an unlicensed dealer in souls...=精神分裂者是无证的灵魂经销商...
The Snivelling Spirifer is selling souls=咆哮的小精灵正在出售灵魂
Academe=学术界
"A Dishevelled Research Associate has briefly docked while on an arduous research expedition. She sells caddies of dried tea from an oak chest. ""Due to an unfortunate but entirely understandable administrative error, the professor's entire research budget has been spent on tea,"" she explains, shuffling her feet awkwardly. ""Please buy some."""="一个衣衫褴褛的研究助理在进行艰苦的研究考察时短暂停靠。她从一个橡木箱子里拿出一盒干茶来卖。""由于一个不幸的但完全可以理解的行政错误，教授的全部研究预算都花在了茶叶上，""她解释说，尴尬地洗着脚。""请买一些。"""
Caddies of Dried Tea=几罐干茶
As British as crinoline. Or Lord Elgin's Marbles.=就像英国人的衬衣一样。或者埃尔金勋爵的大理石。
tea=茶
Caddies of Dried Tea can be reliably purchased at the Avid Horizon.=罐装干茶可以可靠地在渴求之地平线购买。
Caddy of Dried Tea=一罐干茶
A Dishevelled Research Associate has briefly docked while on an arduous research expedition...=一个衣衫褴褛的研究助理在进行艰苦的研究考察时短暂停靠......。
Tea for sale! Buy tea! Everyone likes tea! Please?=卖茶!买茶!每个人都喜欢茶!求你了？
Bohemia=波西米亚
"A Starving Poet is selling collections of his latest work. He seems to have rather a lot of it. ""A minor printing error,"" he explains. ""A simple matter of a misplaced 'u' that rather dramatically changes the... ah... tone of a sentence. Also its probity. But if the Ministry of Public Decency didn't spot it, I'm sure hardly anyone will."""="一位饥饿的诗人正在出售他的最新作品集。他似乎有相当多的作品。""一个小小的印刷错误，""他解释说。""一个简单的问题，一个放错位置的'u'，相当显著地改变了一个句子的......啊......语气。也改变了它的诚实度。但是，如果公德部没有发现它，我相信几乎没有人会发现。"""
A Starving Poet is selling collections of his latest work...=一位饥饿的诗人正在出售他的最新作品集...
A sale of Ministry-approved poetry=出售公德部批准的诗歌
Establishment=权贵
The recent death of a well-to-do widower has triggered an unseemly family squabble over the disposition of his estate. An Indifferent Solicitor has been charged with auctioning off various of the deceased's unwanted belongings in order to cover the death duty.=一位富裕的鳏夫最近去世，引发了一场关于处置其遗产的不体面的家庭争吵。一位冷漠的律师被指控拍卖死者的各种无用物品，以支付死亡税。
The recent death of a well-to-do widower has triggered an unseemly family squabble over the disposition of his estate...=一个富裕的鳏夫最近去世，引发了一场关于其遗产处置的不体面的家庭争吵。
An auction of blue-painted crockery=蓝印花布陶器的拍卖会
Villainy=恶棍
"A Doleful Fence lifts the corner of a tarpaulin to show you the wares underneath. ""Davy's Dust,"" he intones, like a vicar at a funeral. ""Chivs, irons, barkers, bulldogs-with-six-teeth."" You translate his criminal argot into plain English: gunpowder, knives, guns, guns, guns."="一位名叫Doleful Fence的人掀开防水布的一角，向你展示下面的商品。""戴维的灰尘""，他念叨着，就像葬礼上的牧师一样。""Chivs, irons, barkers, bulldogs-with-six-teeth""。你把他的犯罪术语翻译成简单的英语：火药、刀、枪、炮、枪。"
Carefully-Packed Crates of Munitions =精心包装的成箱弹药 
"Sometimes, a crewman pretends he's going to drop one. It's still not funny."=有时，一个列车员假装他要掉一个。这仍然不好笑。
munitions=弹药
"Munitions can be reliably purchased at the Royal Society and the Empyrean, or sometimes salvaged from Tackety Liberators or from flotsam and jetsam."=弹药可以在皇家协会和Empyrean可靠地购买，有时也可以从Tackety Liberators或从残骸和喷气式飞机上打捞。
Carefully-Packed Crate of Munitions=精心包装的军火箱
A Doleful Fence lifts the corner of a tarpaulin to show you the wares underneath...=一个多乐士围栏掀开油布的一角，向你展示下面的商品。
A furtive sale of less-than-legal armaments=偷偷摸摸地出售不太合法的军火
Wild=野生
"The oldest bronzewoods  tall as mesas and broad as cathedrals  are too grand to fell. Instead, tree-borers mine into the trunks in search of the gleaming heart-wood. A wiry borer is selling bundles of resinous splinters, each taller than he."=最古老的铜钱树高如中轴线，宽如大教堂，太宏伟了，无法砍伐。取而代之的是，植树者在树干中挖掘，寻找闪闪发光的心材。一个瘦弱的蛀虫正在出售一捆捆的树脂碎片，每根都比他高。
Bronzewood=青铜木
"Hollowed from the vast trees of the Reach, Bronzewood is prized for its durability and its gleaming resin."=青铜木是由外野的大片树木挖出来的，因其耐用性和闪亮的树脂而受到重视。
bronzewood=青铜木
"Bronzewood can be reliably purchased at Polmear & Plenty's Circus, Traitor's Wood, and Achlys. It can also be mined in the Reach and salvaged from Scrive-Spinsters."=青铜木可以在Polmear & Plenty's Circus、Traitor's Wood和Achlys可靠地购买。它也可以在外野开采，并从代书人那里打捞。
The oldest bronzewoods  tall as mesas and broad as cathedrals  are too grand to fell...=最古老的青铜器像中轴线一样高大，像大教堂一样宽阔，太宏伟了，不能倒下。
A boring of Bronzewood=一份青铜木镗屑
Rural=农村
"Bombazine is worked in the dark, in candleless rooms with boarded windows. A milk-eyed weaver sells rolls of the cloth she has made in her cellar. It is black and splendid, drinking the starlight thirstily."=邦巴辛布在黑暗中织就：房间中不点蜡烛、窗户封上木板。一位双眼乳白的织工出售她在地窖中生产的布卷。它漆黑、华丽，饥渴地吸收着星光。
Rolls of Thirsty Bombazine=几卷渴光的邦巴辛布
This midnight-hued fabric grows heavy with devoured light. The perfect adornment for ostentatious grief and clandestine activity.=这种午夜色调的织物因被吞噬的光线而变得沉重。是炫耀性的悲伤和秘密活动的完美装饰品。
bombazineroll=一卷邦巴辛布
"Bombazine can be reliably purchased at Langley Hall, and can often be salvaged from Resurrectionists in Albion."=邦巴辛布可以在兰利厅稳定收购，也经常可以从阿尔比恩的掘墓人那里打捞到。
Roll of Thirsty Bombazine=一卷渴光的邦巴辛布
"Bombazine is worked in the dark, in candleless rooms with boarded windows..."=邦巴辛布在黑暗中织就：房间中不点蜡烛、窗户封上木板 ......
Bales of cellar-woven Bombazine=几捆在地窖中织就的邦巴辛布
"They have sandwiched the panes between wooden boards, and wrapped them in rags. When a passing costermonger asks where they got the glass, a Sooty Vagabond snaps ""Never you mind!"" and throws his coat over the baleful glass angel adorning the pane they had on display."="他们把玻璃夹在木板中间，用破布包起来。当一个路过的服装商问他们从哪里得到这些玻璃时，一个苏蒂流浪者说：""你别管了！""并把他的外套扔在他们展示的窗格上装饰的可怕的玻璃天使上。"
Panes of Stained Glass=彩绘玻璃板
The light of the High Wilderness can enchant and derange. Coloured glass helps keep it at bay. =高原的光线可以使人陶醉和迷失。彩色玻璃有助于防止它。 
stainedglass=彩绘玻璃
"Glass can be reliably purchased at the Clockwork Sun and the Mausoleum, and often salvaged from Deranged Dreadnoughts."=玻璃可以在发条太阳和陵墓中可靠地买到，也经常从失控的无畏舰上打捞出来。
Pane of Stained Glass=彩色玻璃窗
"They have sandwiched the panes between wooden boards, and wrapped them in rags..."=他们把窗玻璃夹在木板中间，用破布包起来......
A gang of grubby urchins are selling Stained Glass=一群肮脏的顽童正在出售彩色玻璃
"Fresh from the gardens of the Reach! This green-thumbed captain buys crops for a pittance from the region's scattered farmsteads, then sells the yield at larger ports."=来自河岸花园的新鲜货！这位绿拇指车长从该地区分散的农庄中以微薄的价格购买农作物，然后在较大的港口出售产量。
Fresh from the gardens of the Reach!="鲜出炉！""新鲜出炉！""新鲜出炉！""新鲜出炉！。"
The captain of a greenhouse-engine is selling seeds=温室发动机的机长正在出售种子
"A Buoyant Broker sells barrels full of geode-like hours.""'Dug fresh from the shapely flanks of the Mother of Mountains by rugged but well-mannered prospectors!"" He cries. ""Put 'em to your ears, m'dears, and hear 'em call."""="一个有活力的经纪人卖出了满满一桶的类似地球的时间。""'由崎岖但有礼貌的探矿者从山之母的形状侧边挖出的新鲜东西！'""他喊道。""把它们放在你的耳朵上，亲爱的，听听它们的呼唤。"""
A Buoyant Broker sells barrels full of geode-like hours...=一个有浮力的经纪人出售满满一桶类似地球仪的时...
Fresh hours! Get your fresh hours here!=新鲜时间！在这里获取你的新鲜时间！
A rangy captain employed by the Wit & Vinegar company  a struggling lumber-concern  is selling bronzewood offcuts. The bark gleams where it was cut by her engine's saw.=一位受雇于Wit & Vinegar公司的年轻车长正在出售青铜木的下脚料。树皮在被她的引擎锯切过的地方闪闪发光。
A rangy captain employed by the Wit & Vinegar company  a struggling lumber-concern  is selling bronzewood offcuts...=一位受雇于困顿的Wit & Vinegar木材公司的年轻车长正在出售青铜木下脚料。
Bargain Bronzewood=廉价的青铜木
"A hawker sells the latest London potboilers: flimsy, mass-printed books with wood pulp paper, lurid covers, and fresh, gleaming Ministry stamps."=一个小贩在卖最新的伦敦小册子：薄薄的、大量印刷的书，用木浆纸做的，封面很脏，还有新鲜的、闪闪发光的公德部邮票。
"A hawker sells the latest London potboilers: flimsy, mass-printed books with wood pulp paper, lurid covers, and fresh, gleaming Ministry stamps..."=一个小贩出售最新的伦敦大杂烩：薄薄的、大量印刷的书籍，用木浆纸，肮脏的封面，以及新鲜的、闪闪发光的公德部邮票。
A half-price stack of penny-dreadfuls=一堆半价的便士恐惧症
"A crow-like captain sells used, but functional, armaments scavenged from the cold wreckage of a sky-battle. ""Good pickings when the Tacketies and Stovepipes fight,"" he observes, professionally."="一个像乌鸦一样的车长出售从天空战斗的冰冷残骸中搜出的二手但实用的武器装备。""他专业地观察到，""当钉鞋党和高帽帮打仗时，是很好的采摘机会。“"
"A crow-like captain sells used, but functional, armaments scavenged from the cold wreckage of a sky-battle..."=一个像乌鸦一样的车长卖掉了从天空战斗的冰冷残骸中搜出的二手但实用的军备。
A sale of shot and shell=出售枪弹和炮弹
"An amateur enthusiast has passed away. Hers was an obscure field of scholarship, and her family are selling off her books by the bundle. Stacks of pamphlets, tomes and journals teeter behind the stall."=一位业余爱好者已经去世了。她的学术领域默默无闻，她的家人正在一捆捆地卖掉她的书。摊位后面堆满了小册子、专著和期刊。
An amateur enthusiast has passed away...=一位业余爱好者已经去世了...
An auction of dusty literature=尘封的文献的拍卖
"Until recently, decorating your parlour with bottled souls was a fad in Bohemian circles. Now, fashion has moved on, and souls are out."=直到最近，用瓶装灵魂装饰你的客厅是波西米亚圈子里的一种时尚。现在，时尚已经向前发展，而灵魂已经被淘汰。
"Until recently, decorating your parlour with bottled souls was a fad in Bohemian circles..."=直到最近，用瓶装的灵魂装饰你的客厅是波西米亚圈子里的一种时尚。
A line on a cheap collection of souls=廉价的灵魂收藏品上的一行字
A retired Commander has tipped you off to the sale of a substantial amount of admiralty surplus. Shot and shell. Rifle and revolver.=一位退役的指挥官向你透露了出售大量的海军剩余物资的消息。射击和炮弹。步枪和左轮手枪。
A retired Commander has tipped you off to the sale of a substantial amount of admiralty surplus...=一位退役的指挥官向你透露了出售大量海军剩余物资的消息......。
An opportunity to bid on Admiralty munitions=竞标海军司令部弹药的机会
"What a lot of tea. Why is this scarred gentleman selling it so cheap? He picks at his teeth. ''D'you want to ask questions, or d'you want to buy a load of cheap tea that may or may not have recently been used to conceal other substances of less certain legality?"""=好多茶啊。为什么这位伤痕累累的先生把它卖得这么便宜？他剔着牙。''你是想问问题，还是想买一包最近可能被用来掩盖其他不太合法的物质的廉价茶？
What a lot of tea...=好多茶啊...
The shady sale of an unlikely amount of tea=不太可能的茶叶销售的黑幕
"The Punctilious Excavator is selling precisely-labelled lenses dug from one of the ruins of the Reach. You hold a lens up to the distant light and see a soul  wispy and restless  stir within. ""There's a soul trapped in every one,"" the Excavator murmurs, as if unwilling to intrude."="吝啬的挖掘者正在出售从外野的一个废墟中挖出的有精确标签的镜头。你拿着镜片对着远处的光线，看到一个飘渺而不安的灵魂在里面蠢蠢欲动。""每个人都有一个灵魂，""挖掘者喃喃自语，似乎不愿意打扰。"
The Punctilious Excavator is selling precisely-labelled lenses dug from one of the ruins of the Reach...=Punctilious挖掘机正在出售从外野的一个废墟中挖出的有精确标签的镜头...
"A supply of souls, prised from frosty ruins"=从冰冷的废墟中取出的灵魂供给
Circus=马戏团
A Congenial Vagabond sells bottled souls in the shadows between the tents. He unwraps one. It blazes! This is no parson's soul; no milkmaid's! Not even a prophet's soul burns so brightly! Where did he get it? The Vagabond smiles.=一个自负的流浪者在帐篷之间的阴影中出售瓶装的灵魂。他解开了一个。它在燃烧!这不是牧师的灵魂，也不是挤奶女工的灵魂!甚至连先知的灵魂也没有燃烧得如此明亮!他从哪里得到它的？流浪者笑了。
Selections of Immaculate Souls=几组无垢灵魂
"The rarest and most refined of souls, lovingly curated. "=最稀有、最精致的灵魂，经过精心管理。 
selectionofimmaculatesouls=挑选出的动物尸体
"Immaculate Souls can be reliably purchased from Caduceus and Death's Door. They can often be salvaged from Spirifer Engines, or extracted from Blue Kingdom vaults  if you have assaying equipment."=无垢灵魂可以可靠地从卡杜塞斯和死亡之门购买。如果你有化验设备的话，通常可以从斯皮里弗引擎中打捞出来，或者从蓝色王国的地窖中提取。
Selection of Immaculate Souls=一组无垢灵魂
A Congenial Vagabond sells bottled souls in the shadows between the tents...=一个聪慧的流浪者在帐篷之间的阴影中出售瓶装的灵魂......
"A Congenial Vagabond, and a sale of sublime souls"=一个聪慧的流浪者，和一个崇高的灵魂的买卖
Avon=埃文
The crew of a passing mining-locomotive have been engaging in some unlicensed excavation of Port Avon's ruins. They're keen to sell what they found. Quietly. And quickly.=一辆路过的采矿机车上的工作人员一直在对埃文港的废墟进行一些未经许可的挖掘。他们热衷于出售他们发现的东西。悄悄地。而且很快。
The crew of a passing mining-locomotive have been engaging in some unlicensed excavation of Port Avon's ruins...=一辆路过的采矿机车上的工作人员一直在对埃文港的废墟进行一些未经许可的挖掘。
A clandestine transaction: souls for sovereigns=秘密交易：灵魂换金镑
NatureReserve=自然保护区
Is it tea? Is it really? Is tea that malachite shade of green? Are tea leaves usually so serrated? Certainly it's tea-ish. That's probably good enough out here.=这是茶吗？真的吗？茶叶是那种孔雀石一样的绿色吗？茶叶通常有这么多锯齿吗？当然，它是有茶味的。这在恐怕已经很不错了。
Is it tea?=这是茶吗？
A researcher is selling 'tea'="一位研究人员正在出售 ""茶叶""。"
Prosper=兴荣港
"An ambitious local family planned to extend their townhouse. But space in Port Prosper is at a premium, and the governor demanded they abandon the work before it was complete. Now, they're trying to recoup their losses by selling a number of splendid, unused panes of stained glass."=一个雄心勃勃的当地家庭计划扩建他们的联排别墅。但兴荣的空间是很宝贵的，州长要求他们在工程完工前放弃工程。现在，他们正试图通过出售一些绚丽的、未使用过的彩色玻璃窗格来挽回他们的损失。
An ambitious local family planned to extend their townhouse...=一个雄心勃勃的当地家庭计划扩建他们的联排别墅...
A fortunate misfortune: a sale of stained glass=一个幸运的不幸：彩色玻璃的销售
Lustrum=伍载镇
"A hive-harrower  a well-plated locomotive that hunts chorister-bees for their nectar  has called at Lustrum. The nectar-scent uncoils down the mountain slope, sweet as Turkish delight."=一辆蜂巢式运输车是一辆装潢精美的火车头，它猎取合唱团蜜蜂的花蜜，在拉斯特鲁姆停靠。花蜜的香味在山坡上弥漫开来，像土耳其人的喜悦一样甜蜜。
A hive-harrower  a well-plated locomotive that hunts chorister-bees for their nectar  has called at Lustrum...=一辆蜂巢式运输车是一个装备精良的火车头，它猎取合唱团蜜蜂的花蜜，已经在拉斯特姆停靠。
"An ambrosial acquisition: chorister-nectar, going cheap!"=一笔令人振奋的收购：合唱团--连接体，价格便宜!
TraitorsWood=叛徒木头
"A handful of tangle-haired recluses dwell in the wood, growing food in their glade-gardens. Sometimes they visit the bazaar, selling their wares silently."=一小撮头发纠结的隐士住在树林里，在他们的高兴园里种植食物。有时，他们会到巴扎上，默默地出售他们的商品。
"A handful of tangle-haired recluses dwell in the wood, growing food in their glade-gardens..."=一小撮头发纠结的隐士住在树林里，在他们的高兴花园里种植食物。
An arboreal opportunity: seeds from the forest=一个树栖的机会：来自森林的种子
Carillon=钟琴区
"The Buoyant Broker has been trying to sell hours to devils. ""They just ain't interested,"" he complains. ""Suspicious, ain't it? Who'd turn down a little more time, eh? Show me a contented man and I'll show you a lunatic."""="浮躁的经纪人一直在试图向魔鬼们推销时间。""他们就是不感兴趣，""他抱怨道。""很可疑，不是吗？谁会拒绝多一点时间呢？给我看一个满意的人，我就给你看一个疯子。"""
The Buoyant Broker has been trying to sell hours to devils...=浮躁的经纪人一直在努力向魔鬼卖出时间...
The Buoyant Broker: a trove of unwanted hours=充满活力的经纪人：不需要的时间的宝库
"A mangled hunter is selling his catch outside his sleek, gun-bristling engine. A Cantankeri grumbles in its cage. A tangle of pardoner-eels thrash. Something fungal and livid oozes gently."=一个浑身是伤的猎人正在他那光滑的、带枪的机车外出售他的猎物。一只顽固虱在笼子里咕哝着。纠缠在一起的赦免者鳗鱼在挣扎。一些真菌和鲜艳的东西在轻轻地渗出。
Caged Catches=笼中猎获
A wild sky-beast. Exotic. Contained. Furious.=野生的天空巨兽。异国情调。遏制。愤怒的。
cagedcatch=笼中之鸟
Caged Catches can be reliably purchased at the House of Rods & Chains. If you have butchery equipment, you can also catch squirmings in the mist sea of Albion and convert them to catches at St. Anthony's Lighthouse. You can sometimes salvage them from Bull Cantankeri.=笼中猎获可以在棒子和链子之家可靠地购买。如果你有屠宰设备，你也可以在阿尔比恩的雾海中捕捉蠕虫，并在圣安东尼灯塔将它们转化为渔获。你有时可以从公牛坎坦凯利那里打捞到它们。
A soot-besmirched chemist peddles panes of coloured glass from the back of her workshop...=一个被煤烟熏黑的药剂师从她的工场后面兜售彩色玻璃板。
A chemical confoundment=一种化学混杂物
"Ravenscourt & Stamford make a healthy profit selling academic robes for graduation ceremonies. They insist that only light-drinking bombazine cloth is acceptable at such occasions. Bombazine is splendid but expensive, so there's a bustling second-hand market in used robes among impoverished scholars. One such secret market is taking place now. "=雷文斯考特和斯坦福出售毕业典礼上的学术袍，赚取了丰厚的利润。他们坚持认为，在这样的场合，只有喝淡酒的Bombazine布才能被接受。邦巴兹布很华丽，但价格昂贵，因此在贫穷的学者中，有一个热闹的二手长袍市场。现在就有一个这样的秘密市场在进行。 
Ravenscourt & Stamford make a healthy profit selling academic robes for graduation ceremonies...=雷文斯库特和斯坦福出售毕业典礼上的学术袍，赚取了健康的利润......
A bombazinous bargain=一笔巨大的交易
"He has been ejected from his choir following what the papers are only calling 'a recent Incident'. He will have no need of his nectar now, nor of its beneficial effects on his vocal range. If you give him the slightest chance, he will recount the details of his recent scandal bitterly, his melodious voice contrasting vividly with his profane language."="在报纸只称 ""最近发生的事件 ""之后，他被赶出了他的合唱团。他现在不需要他的花露水，也不需要花露水对他的声带的有益影响。如果你给他一点机会，他就会痛苦地讲述他最近的丑闻细节，他悠扬的声音与他亵渎的语言形成鲜明的对比。"
He has been ejected from his choir following what the papers are only calling 'a recent Incident'...="在报纸只称 ""最近发生的事件 ""之后，他被赶出了他的合唱团...。"
A Disgraced Chorister is selling his store of nectar=一位失宠的合唱团员正在出售他的花露水商店
"A Bashful Showman is selling tall panes of coloured glass. ""We had to dismantle the Maze of Mirrors,"" he explains. ""Following a number of... well, 'disappearances' is a very strong word, isn't it? Anyway, as long as you keep them away from silver, they should be entirely safe."""="一个腼腆的表演者正在出售高大的彩色玻璃板。""我们不得不拆除镜子的迷宫，""他解释说。""在发生了一些......嗯，'失踪'是一个非常强烈的字眼，不是吗？总之，只要你让它们远离银器，它们应该是完全安全的。"""
A Bashful Showman is selling tall panes of coloured glass...=一个腼腆的表演者正在出售高大的彩色玻璃板...
An Unfortunance of Glass=玻璃的不幸
"Frobishers, who supply tea to the Admiral Nelson in Port Prosper, are offering selected clientele an opportunity to purchase their latest loose leaf. They will not, however, be drawn on rumours of a deal gone bad with the Nelson."=为兴荣的纳尔逊海军上将号提供茶叶的Frobishers公司，正在为选定的客户提供购买其最新散装茶叶的机会。然而，他们不会对与纳尔逊号交易失败的传言作出解释。
"Frobishers, who supply tea to the Admiral Nelson in Port Prosper, are offering selected clientele an opportunity to purchase their latest loose leaf..."=Frobishers公司为兴荣的纳尔逊海军上将酒店提供茶叶，他们为选定的客户提供了购买其最新散叶茶的机会。
The cut-throat tea-trade=残酷的茶叶贸易
"A prominent and tedious poet offers copies of his latest epic to 'the right sort of person'. At 10,000 lines, it is a sequel to Spencer's 'Faerie Queen', depicting Her Enduring Majesty as a second Gloriana. There are few reviews  no one has thus far managed to remain conscious to the end."="一位杰出而乏味的诗人向 ""合适的人 ""提供他最新的史诗副本。这部作品有一万行，是斯宾塞的《精灵女王》的续集，将永恒的女王陛下描绘成第二个格洛丽安娜。迄今为止，没有人能够保持清醒的意识到最后，评论很少。"
A prominent and tedious poet offers copies of his latest epic to 'the right sort of person'...="一位杰出而乏味的诗人向 ""合适的人 ""提供他最新的史诗副本......"
'Of Faerie knights and fairest Tanaquill'=精灵骑士和最美丽的塔纳基尔 的故事
"The hawker smiles a little too brightly. ""No hurry. Got all the time in the world, me."" His eyes dart nervously about the station, as though anticipating the inclement hand of the law upon his shoulder at any minute. ""Brabazon's finest here!"""="小贩笑得有点太灿烂了。""不急。世界上有的是时间，我。""他的眼睛紧张地在车站里转来转去，仿佛在预料法律的恶劣之手随时会伸向他的肩膀。""布拉巴宗最优秀的人在这里！"""
The hawker smiles a little too brightly...=小贩笑得有点太灿烂了......。
An improbable abundance of hours=不可能的丰富的时间
"The Jolly Collector is doing the rounds. What's he got this time? A pilfered collection of silverware? The complete set of commemorative plates from the Captivating Princess' latest wedding? No. Instead he seems to have branched out into taxidermy. No, wait  that one moved. Zoology, then. Where'd did he get these specimens? His eyes sparkle as he taps the side of his nose."=欢乐收藏家正在进行巡视。这次他得到了什么？偷来的银器收藏？迷人的公主最近婚礼上的全套纪念盘？不，相反，他似乎已经涉足标本制作。不，等等，那个人动了。那就是动物学。他从哪里得到这些标本的？他的眼睛闪闪发光，因为他敲打着他的鼻子。
The Jolly Collector is doing the rounds...=欢乐的收藏家》正在进行巡展...
A mercantile menagerie=一个商业化的动物园
Brabazon=布拉巴宗
"The Governor has discovered a secret stash of hours that had been squirrelled away by a gang of refinery workers. He has seen fit to sell them on the open market, in order to raise funds for 'programmes to improve the moral character of inmates.'"="州长发现了一帮炼油厂工人秘密藏匿的时间。他认为有必要在公开市场上出售它们，以便为 ""改善囚犯道德品质的方案 ""筹集资金。"
The Governor has discovered a secret stash of hours that had been squirrelled away by a gang of refinery workers...=州长发现了一帮炼油厂工人秘密藏匿的小时......
A seizure of hours=发作的时间
ClockworkSun=发条太阳
"The Dazzled Sequencer sells buckets full of armaments retrieved from Azimuth. ""Terrible hazard, all these instruments of lethality lying about the place. And most untidy. Keen to get them off the sun. Very keen."""="炫目的序列器卖的是满满一桶从阿齐姆斯收回的军备。""可怕的危险，所有这些致命的工具都躺在这个地方。而且很不整齐。很想把它们从太阳上弄下来。非常热心。"""
The Dazzled Sequencer sells buckets full of armaments retrieved from Azimuth...=炫目的序列器卖的是满满一桶从阿兹蒙斯收回的军备......
An expulsion of problematic material=驱逐有问题的材料
Perdurance=琥珀宫
"A Sombre Footman offers discerning visitors a chance to admire (and procure) samples from Perdurance's collection of souls. ""A recent and exceptional donation,"" he says, showing you a set that burn fiercely in their fluted bottles, ""to accompany the arrival of a Duke's daughter. A gift of souls is considered good luck."""="忧郁的脚夫为眼光敏锐的游客提供了一个欣赏（和采购）琥珀宫的灵魂收藏品的机会。他说：""这是最近的一次特殊捐赠，""他向你展示了一套在凹槽瓶中燃烧得很猛烈的酒，""用来陪伴一位公爵的女儿的到来。灵魂的礼物被认为是好运气。"""
A Sombre Footman offers discerning visitors a chance to admire (and procure) samples from Perdurance's collection of souls...=A Sombre Footman为眼光敏锐的游客提供了一个欣赏（和采购）琥珀宫的灵魂收藏品的机会。
An immaculate opportunity=一个完美的机会
Mausoleum=陵墓
"Sable-liveried footmen are cutting up vast rolls of midnight fabric for sale. These are the cast offs from the Macabre Counsellor's latest tableaux, rejected for being insufficiently direful."=穿着貂皮衣服的脚夫正在裁剪大卷的午夜布料，准备出售。这些都是恐怖顾问的最新作品中的残次品，因为不够可怕而被拒绝。
Sable-liveried footmen are cutting up vast rolls of midnight fabric for sale...=穿着貂皮衣服的脚夫们正在切割大片的午夜布料，准备出售......
A Tableaux Mort=一个表象的摩尔
Parliament=议会
"A recent by-law pushed through by the Restorationists' Committee has outlawed the drinking of tea in Parliament, on the grounds that it is 'an undemocratic and imperialist beverage'. Port has been recommended instead. The law will no doubt be overturned soon, but for now it creates an opportunity."="维新派委员会最近通过的一项附则禁止在议会中喝茶，理由是茶是 ""不民主和帝国主义的饮料""。有人建议用波特酒代替。毫无疑问，这项法律将很快被推翻，但现在它创造了一个机会。"
"A recent by-law pushed through by the Restorationists' Committee has outlawed the drinking of tea in Parliament, on the grounds that it is 'an undemocratic and imperialist beverage'..."="维新派委员会最近通过的一项附则禁止在议会中喝茶，理由是茶是 ""不民主和帝国主义的饮料""...。"
The benefits of a bilious by-law=胆汁淤积法的好处
avidhorizon=殷勤的地平线
"The Acting Senior Probiter has raided the backrooms for unused consignments of Hours. ""The last thing anybody wants,"" he says, ""is to spend even more time here."""="代理高级监察员已经搜查了密室中未使用的托运小时。""他说：""任何人都不希望在这里花费更多的时间""。"
The Acting Senior Probiter has raided the backrooms for unused consignments of Hours...=代理高级检察官已经搜查了密室，以寻找未使用的小时托运货物。
A squandering of time=挥霍时间的行为
Airy=气质
"Engineers are clearing out a wing of Portsmouth House to make room for an exciting new experiment. While doing so, they unearthed a trove of Lord Rochester's poetry, written during his race around Pan. It substitutes volume for elegance, but readers are hungry for glimpses of the wild and unlikely wastes of Eleutheria."=工程师们正在清理朴茨茅斯大楼的一个侧翼，以便为一个令人兴奋的新实验腾出空间。在这样做的时候，他们发现了罗切斯特勋爵的诗歌库，这些诗歌是他在围绕潘的比赛中写的。它以体积代替了优雅，但读者渴望瞥见埃卢塞亚的狂野和不可能的废物。
Engineers are clearing out a wing of Portsmouth House to make room for an exciting new experiment...=工程师们正在清理朴茨茅斯大楼的一个侧翼，以便为一个令人兴奋的新实验腾出空间......
The Racer's Muse=赛车手的缪斯
Worlebury=沃勒伯里
"The things that glide through Worlebury's ghostly sea of mist are not  let's face it  fish. But if we call them 'fish' we don't have to think about what they actually are. Recently, a school of them was found grounded on the port's pebbled beach. ""What a sight it was,"" a local remarks, wistfully. ""The stars a-shinin' on their membranous wing-fins, their mouths all gulpin' for the vapours."""="在沃勒伯里的幽灵般的雾海中滑行的东西，让我们面对它，不是鱼。但如果我们称它们为 ""鱼""，我们就不必考虑它们实际上是什么。最近，人们发现有一群鱼停在港口的卵石滩上。一个当地人说：""那是多么壮观的景象啊！""他踌躇满志。""星星在它们的膜质翼鳍上闪闪发光，它们的嘴都在大口大口地呼吸着蒸汽。"""
The things that glide through Worlebury's ghostly sea of mist are not  let's face it  fish...=在Worlebury的幽灵般的雾海中滑行的东西，让我们面对它，并不是鱼...
Fruits of the sea=海洋的果实
"The Luminous Cardinal is prepared to part with some of his early illuminations. They depict the Reach as the celestial Paradise, before the Fall of the Rebel Angels."=光明红衣主教准备放弃他早期的一些照明作品。它们描绘的是叛逆天使堕落前的天国乐园。
The Luminous Cardinal is prepared to part with some of his early illuminations...=发光的红衣主教准备与他早期的一些照明作品分开...
The Word in the Sky=天空中的文字
"The Macabre Counsellor has gathered a cluster of lesser souls by some stratagem or other. She has grown bored with them, and would happily exchange them for coinage, which she prefers as a method of influence."=恐怖顾问通过某种计谋聚集了一批较小的灵魂。她已经对他们感到厌烦，并且很乐意用他们来交换钱币，她更喜欢用钱币作为影响的方法。
The Macabre Counsellor has gathered a cluster of lesser souls by some stratagem or other...=恐怖顾问通过某种计谋聚集了一群较小的灵魂......。
Poor unfortunates=可怜的不幸者
The Engraved Mourner has recently put a halt to a proposed fourth window in the Upper Gallery. It was intended to depict Her Renewed Majesty thundering through Albion on a chariot emblazoned with the colours of Empire. The Mourner put a stop to it on grounds of 'good taste'. He now has a lot of glass on his hands.="刻的送葬者最近停止了在上层画廊的第四个窗口的提议。这幅画的目的是描绘女王陛下乘坐印有帝国色彩的战车，以迅雷不及掩耳之势穿过阿尔比恩。送葬者以 ""品味 ""为由阻止了这一计划。他现在手上有很多玻璃。"
The Engraved Mourner has recently put a halt to a proposed fourth window in the Upper Gallery...=镌刻的送葬者最近停止了在上层画廊的第四个窗口的提议...
The Queen's Good Servant=女王的好仆人
"The Duchess Incarnadine is willing to trade various of her menagerie  those deemed 'insufficient', 'lacklustre', 'unfortunately taxidermied', 'regrettable', and 'sobbing'."="因卡纳丁公爵夫人愿意交换她的各种动物，这些动物被认为是 ""不够的""、""乏味的""、""不幸的标本""、""令人遗憾的 ""和 ""可泣的""。"
"The Duchess Incarnadine is willing to trade various of her menagerie  those deemed 'insufficient', 'lacklustre', 'unfortunately taxidermied', 'regrettable', and 'sobbing'..."="因卡纳丁公爵夫人愿意交易她的各种动物，这些动物被认为是 ""不够的""、""乏味的""、""不幸的标本""、""令人遗憾的 ""和 ""可泣的""。"
A Miserable Bestiary=糟糕的兽群
"The Engraved Mourner is happy to trade Hours with his favoured friends. "After all, I hardly need them, what with being made of clay. My previous master was just as thoughtlessly beneficient too."="雕刻的哀悼者很乐意与他的好朋友交换时间。"毕竟，我几乎不需要它们，因为我是粘土做的。我以前的主人也是这样不经意地施恩。"
The new Chorister Hive is producing more nectar than Titania can manage. The Rhapsodic Mayor is almost desperate to export it before the port drowns.=新的唱诗蜂蜂巢生产的花蜜的量远超狄坦妮娅所能管理。狂想曲市长几乎不顾一切地要在港口被淹没之前将其出口。
The new Chorister Hive is producing more nectar than Titania can manage...=新的唱诗蜂蜂巢生产的花蜜的量远超狄坦妮娅所能管理......
Fresh nectar! Guaranteed no bits of bee hair!=新鲜的花蜜!保证没有一片蜜蜂绒毛!
The Curator of Albion's Museum has a stack of unwanted novels and volumes of poetry  they are superfluous to demand. Many bear the name 'Mrs Frontispiece'.="尔比恩博物馆的馆长有一叠不需要的小说和诗集，他们的要求是多余的。许多人的名字是 ""Frontispiece夫人""。"
The Curator of Albion's Museum has a stack of unwanted novels and volumes of poetry  they are superfluous to demand...=阿尔比恩博物馆的馆长有一叠不需要的小说和诗集，他们的要求是多余的。
A Selection of Fine Books=精品图书精选
The flower-port is in bloom. The Rhapsodic Mayor has arranged a sale of some of the prettiest seeds.=花港盛开了。狂想曲市长已安排出售一些最漂亮的种子。
The flower-port is in bloom...=花口盛开...。
Seeds of Titania=狄坦妮娅的种子
An up-and-coming poet requires additional funds to support to sustain them while they work on their magnum opus.=一个新晋诗人需要额外的资金支持，以便在他创作巨作时维持他的生活。
An up-and-coming poet requires additional funds to support to sustain them while they work on their magnum opus...=一个新晋诗人需要额外的资金支持...
Looking for Patron=寻找赞助人
"The Royal Society of Titania has several... one looks like a crustacean, another a bit like a jellyfish, another... they aren't sure, but they're all starting to smell. They're welcome to a good home. Or a bad home. Or anywhere else, really."=狄坦妮娅皇家协会有几个......一个看起来像甲壳类动物，另一个有点像水母，另一个......他们不确定，但他们都开始闻到了。欢迎他们来到一个好的家庭。或者一个糟糕的家庭。或者其他地方，真的。
The Royal Society of Titania has several...=狄坦妮娅皇家学会有几个...
Wriggling Miracles of Science=蠕动的科学奇迹
"With the Windward Company's recent troubles, the independent miners have been free to step up their endeavours. One mining association, which has begun strip-mining the lower slopes, recently struck a huge trove of hours. Lustrum is flooded with them."=随着迎风公司最近的麻烦，独立的矿工们已经可以自由地加强他们的努力了。一个采矿协会已经开始在低山坡上进行剥离式开采，最近发现了一个巨大的时间宝库。伍载镇被它们淹没了。
The Tacketies are dominant in the Reach.=钉鞋党在外野地区占主导地位。
"With the Windward Company's recent troubles, the independent miners have been free to step up their endeavours..."=随着迎风公司最近的麻烦，独立的矿工已经可以自由地加强他们的努力...
An abundance of hours=充裕的时间
"The Tacketies are on the run, and independence for the Reach  once discussed openly on the streets of New Winchester  is now only whispered of in dingy back rooms. Exuberant, the Windward Company have commissioned a serious of political cartoons and essays mocking the independence movement via a satirical embodiment of it: the big-booted, buffoonish, gap-toothed Tackety Jack."=钉鞋党正在逃亡，曾经可以在新温彻斯特的街道上公开讨论的外野独立，现在只能在肮脏的密室里低声窃语。兴高采烈的向风公司委托制作了大量的政治漫画和文章，用讽刺性的笔触来嘲弄独立运动：一个皮靴宽大、滑稽可笑、满嘴胡言的钉鞋小丑。
The Stovepipes are dominant in the Reach.=高帽帮在外野中占主导地位。
"The Tacketies are on the run, and independence for the Reach  once discussed openly on the streets of New Winchester  is now only whispered of in dingy back rooms..."=钉鞋党正在逃亡，曾经可以在新温彻斯特的街道上公开讨论的外野独立，现在只能在肮脏的密室里低声窃语。
'The Follies and Fooleries of Tackety Jack'=钉鞋党-杰克的愚蠢行为》(The Follies and Fooleries of Tackety Jack)
"The Winchester War  the endless scuffles between London-loving Stovepipes and rebellious Tacketies  is locked in a stalemate. Demand for guns and ammunition is high, but supply is even higher. An Enraptured Arms-Dealer can be found in the audience at Polmear & Plenty's circus each night, willing to make a deal."=温彻斯特战争......热爱伦敦的高帽帮和反叛的钉鞋党人之间无休止的混战陷入了僵局。对枪支和弹药的需求很高，但供应却更高。在Polmear & Plenty公司的马戏团里，每晚都能在观众席上找到一位陶醉的军火商，愿意做一笔交易。
The Winchester War  the endless scuffles between London-loving Stovepipes and rebellious Tacketies  is locked in a stalemate...=温彻斯特战争......热爱伦敦的高帽帮和反叛的钉鞋党之间的无休止的混战被锁定在一个僵局中。
The fortunes of war=战争的命运
RE-USE THIS=重新使用这个
Eleutheria=埃利奥特利亚
"The mirror-waters of Eleutheria are smooth on the surface, but often turbulent and dangerous below. A Scarred Fisherman offers some of his more unusual catches for sale, advising customers of a nervous disposition not to peek into the cages."=Eleutheria的镜面水表面光滑，但下面往往动荡不安，充满危险。伤痕累累的渔夫提供他的一些更不寻常的渔获物出售，并建议性格紧张的顾客不要偷看笼子里的东西。
"The mirror-waters of Eleutheria are smooth on the surface, but often turbulent and dangerous below..."=Eleutheria的镜面水在表面上是光滑的，但在下面往往是动荡和危险的。
A fisherman's strange catches=渔夫的奇特收获
A fellow skyfarer in urgent need of money for repairs offers sparkling Navaratine Gemstones looted from the Curator that damaged his locomotive.=一个迫切需要钱来维修的行天客提供了从馆长那里抢来的闪闪发光的曩縛咤宝石，这些宝石损坏了他的机车。
Casks of Navaratine Gemstones=几桶曩縛咤宝石
They say these are the ever-cooling sparks that fall from the Forge of Souls. =他们说这些是灵魂铸炉落下的不断冷却的火花。 
navarantinegemstones=纳瓦兰特宝石
"Navaratine Gemstones can reliably be purchased at Piranesi and the Forge of Souls. They can also be mined from sky-rocks in the Blue Kingdom, or found in ruins if you have assaying equipment."=曩縛咤宝石可以在皮拉尼西和灵魂铸炉买到。它们也可以从蓝色王国的天空岩石中开采出来，如果你有化验设备，也可以在废墟中找到。
Cask of Navaratine Gemstones=一桶曩縛咤宝石
A fellow skyfarer in urgent need of money for repairs offers sparkling Navaratine Gemstones looted from the Curator that damaged his locomotive...=一个迫切需要钱来维修的空中飞人提供了从馆长那里抢来的闪闪发光的纳瓦拉汀宝石，这些宝石损坏了他的机车。
A Curator's treasure trove=一个馆长的宝库
"A scrap merchant is selling off plating from a wrecked locomotive. A plaque on one of the larger plates reads GUINEVERE. ""Her lights failed,"" the scrap merchant explains. ""So she crashed. One of Eleutheria's little tricks."""="一个废品商正在出售一辆失事机车的镀层。其中一块较大的板子上的牌子写着GUINEVERE。""她的灯坏了，""废品商解释说。""所以她坠毁了。这是埃卢瑟亚的一个小把戏。"""
A scrap merchant is selling off plating from a wrecked locomotive...=一个废品商正在出售一个失事机车的镀层...
What remains of the Guinevere=吉尼维尔号的剩余部分
"Various loners have tried to establish homesteads in Eleutheria. Almost all fail. A Muttering Scavenger seeks out these abandoned homes and strips them of planks of bronzewood, which he sells to skyfarers like yourself  skyfarers with ready cash and limited scruples."=各种各样的独行侠都试图在埃卢瑟亚建立家园。几乎都失败了。一个喃喃自语的清道夫寻找这些被遗弃的家园，并把它们的青铜木板剥下来，卖给像你这样的天外来客，天外来客有现成的现金和有限的顾忌。
Various loners have tried to establish homesteads in Eleutheria...=各种各样的独行侠都试图在埃卢瑟亚建立家园......
Hearth and Home=炉灶与家
"A Ragged Revolutionary shows you three crates of mixed munitions, some of which look distressingly home-made. He is selling them cheaply; today, he needs money more than murder."=一个衣衫褴褛的革命者向你展示了三箱混合弹药，其中一些看起来令人不安的自制弹药。他正在廉价出售这些弹药；今天，他更需要钱而不是谋杀。
"A Ragged Revolutionary shows you three crates of mixed munitions, some of which look distressingly home-made..."=一个衣衫褴褛的革命者向你展示了三箱混合弹药，其中一些看起来令人不安的自制弹药。
A revolutionary surplus=革命的盈余
"Bombazine cloth drinks light. In brighter domains, it quickly becomes soaked and impossible to work. But in Eleutheria's soft gloom it is pliant and delicate. Weaving is a common vocation here, and Bombazine can often be found cheaply."=Bombazine布喝光。在比较明亮的地方，它很快就会被浸湿，无法工作。但在Eleutheria的柔和阴暗中，它却柔韧而细腻。纺织是这里常见的职业，Bombazine常常可以便宜地找到。
Bombazine cloth drinks light...=炸弹布喝光...
The Weavers of Eleutheria=Eleutheria的织布者
Caduceus=双蛇杖
"A Tight-Lipped Devil sells impeccable souls in the shadow of Caduceus' temple. Where did he acquire them? Has he been plucking them from the Bohemian celebrants? No. You examine their elegant angles, their spasmodic movements. These souls were never human."=在卡杜塞斯神庙的阴影下，一个紧闭双眼的魔鬼出售无可挑剔的灵魂。他从哪里获得这些灵魂？他从波西米亚的庆祝者那里摘取了他们吗？不，你检查他们优雅的角度，他们痉挛的动作。这些灵魂从来不是人类。
A Tight-Lipped Devil sells impeccable souls in the shadow of Caduceus' temple...=在卡杜塞斯神庙的阴影下，一个紧闭双眼的魔鬼出售无可挑剔的灵魂......
Souls on the mountain-slope=山坡上的灵魂
HouseOfRodsAndChains=棒子和链子之家
"Distressing shapes bob to the surface of the Rubbery Chef's cauldron. He scoops one out for you to taste, and it wriggles delicate antennae at you. Well, it's certainly fresh. The Rubbery Man indicates that he will happily serve them dead or alive. He even has cages ready."=凹凸不平的形状在橡胶厨师的大锅表面晃动。他舀出一个让你品尝，它向你蠕动着精致的触角。嗯，这当然是新鲜的。橡皮人表示，他很乐意为他们提供死或活的服务。他甚至还准备了笼子。
Distressing shapes bob to the surface of the Rubbery Chef's cauldron...=凹凸不平的形状在橡皮大锅的表面晃动。
Meals fit for Rubbery Men=适合橡皮人的餐食
Empyrean=帝国主义
"A London trader is suspected of espionage, and needs to raise funds quickly to leave the Empyrean. His extensive collection of coronation crockery is a particular bargain. But he would like you to decide quickly. The Khan's guards are getting closer."=一个伦敦商人被怀疑从事间谍活动，需要迅速筹集资金以离开帝都。他收藏的大量加冕陶器是一个特别的便宜货。但他希望你能尽快决定。大汗的卫兵越来越近。
"A London trader is suspected of espionage, and needs to raise funds quickly to leave the Empyrean..."=一个伦敦商人被怀疑从事间谍活动，需要迅速筹集资金以离开帝国。
The shadow of suspicion=怀疑的阴影
Piranesi=皮拉内西
"A Chaplain of Piranesi offers you some of the treasures that once belonged to the prison's longer-serving guests. The jewels are, he points out, no good to them in Piranesi, and  if the prison is doing its work  unlikely to be of interest when they leave."=皮拉内西的一位牧师向你提供了一些曾经属于监狱里服刑时间较长的客人的宝物。他指出，这些珠宝对他们来说在皮拉内西没有任何好处，如果监狱在做它的工作，当他们离开时也不可能有兴趣。
A Chaplain of Piranesi offers you some of the treasures that once belonged to the prison's longer-serving guests...=皮拉内西的牧师为您提供一些曾经属于监狱中服务时间较长的客人的珍宝。
Wages of sinful lives=罪恶生活的代价
Achlys=阿赫利斯
"Most of Achlys is constructed from trees gathered in the marsh. They're soggy. They take time to dry. But while technically not Bronzewood, they're close enough to it that most Londoners can't tell. Today, the merchants have a surplus. Either they sell it, or it has to go back in the mud."=Achlys的大部分建筑是由在沼泽地收集的树木建造的。它们都是湿漉漉的。它们需要时间来干燥。但是，虽然在技术上不是布伦泽伍德，但它们足够接近布伦泽伍德，大多数伦敦人都看不出来。今天，商人们有了剩余。他们要么卖掉，要么就得回到泥土中去。
Most of Achlys is constructed from trees gathered in the marsh...=Achlys的大部分建筑是由在沼泽地收集的树木建成的。
Treasures of the marsh=沼泽地的宝藏
"A Stammering Eelmonger has a brother who captains one of the Empyrean Outriders. Sometimes, the brother ensures crates of ammunition go missing. And then a skyfarer like yourself gets a very good deal on crates of munitions."=一个口吃的鳗鱼人有一个兄弟，他是帝王骑士团的队长。有时，这位兄弟确保成箱的弹药丢失。然后，像你这样的天外来客就能得到一箱箱的弹药，非常划算。
A Stammering Eelmonger has a brother who captains one of the Empyrean Outriders...=一个口吃的鳗鱼人有一个兄弟，他是帝王骑士的队长......。
Slipping through the Eagle's grip=溜走了老鹰的手掌心
"One of Pan's recent Cypress Kings was a poet of the Neonocturnal school, who wrote this slim volume during and after his brief reign. The book is, in fact, in no way Ministry-Approved, but the forged stamps are exceptionally convincing."=潘氏最近的一位塞浦路斯国王是一位新夜郎派的诗人，他在短暂的统治期间和之后写了这本薄薄的书。事实上，这本书决不是公德部批准的，但伪造的印章却异常令人信服。
"One of Pan's recent Cypress Kings was a poet of the Neonocturnal school, who wrote this slim volume during and after his brief reign..."=潘氏最近的一位塞浦路斯国王是一位新夜郎派的诗人，他在短暂的统治期间和之后写了这本薄薄的书。
'Poems of the Cypress King'=柏树王的诗篇
"The prisoners of Piranesi cannot leave until they have become someone else. If they do, they often leave the things that were associated with their old selves behind. Sometimes, those things are souls."=皮拉内西的囚犯们在成为另一个人之前不能离开。如果他们这样做了，他们往往会把与原来的自己有关的东西留下。有时，那些东西就是灵魂。
The prisoners of Piranesi cannot leave until they have become someone else...=皮拉内西的囚犯不能离开，直到他们成为另一个人......。
Prisoner's dilemmas=囚犯的困境
"Deep in the Achlean marsh lies a garden of beauty and poison. Braver traders visit it to gather seeds for the market. Those that cannot be turned into spice or incense, they sell at cost."=在Achlean沼泽的深处，有一个美丽而有毒的花园。勇敢的商人去那里为市场收集种子。那些不能变成香料或香的种子，他们以成本价出售。
Deep in the Achlean marsh lies a garden of beauty and poison...=在阿赫利沼泽的深处，有一个美丽和有毒的花园。
Achlys' Gift=阿赫利斯的礼物
Langley=兰利
A drunken expedition of partygoers has returned from the furthest corridors of the house with salvaged curtains and tapestries. They are keen to find a buyer:  steps like this have to be taken if Langley House's wine-cellars are to be kept stocked.=一支醉醺醺的聚会者探险队从房子最远的走廊回来，带着抢救出来的窗帘和挂毯。他们很想找到一个买家：如果要保持兰利大厦的酒窖库存，就必须采取这样的措施。
A drunken expedition of partygoers has returned from the furthest corridors of the house with salvaged curtains and tapestries...=一支醉醺醺的聚会者探险队从房子最远的走廊回来，带着抢救出来的窗帘和挂毯......
Langley's upholstery=兰利的装潢
"A 'spirifer' is an unlicensed trader in souls. It is not a popular profession. Recently, a spirifer was the victim of a fatal case of seller's regret. He left behind an impressive stash, which his associates are now trying to dispose of quickly."="灵魂法师 ""是一个没有执照的灵魂交易商。这不是一个受欢迎的职业。最近，一个螺旋法师因卖家的后悔而成为致命的受害者。他留下了一个令人印象深刻的藏品，他的同伙现在正试图迅速处理掉。"
A 'spirifer' is an unlicensed trader in souls...="一个 ""spirifer ""是一个没有执照的灵魂交易商..."
A spirifer's accident=一个螺旋桨的事故
A Dubious Fence has an offer for you: several casks of Navaratine gemstones for an exceptional price. This must have been a month's work for a whole gang of burglars.=一个可疑的销赃犯给你开了个价：几桶曩縛咤宝石，特价出售。这肯定是一帮窃贼用花一个月获得的。
A Dubious Fence has an offer for you: several casks of Navaratine gemstones for an exceptional price...=一个可疑的销赃犯给你开了个价：几桶曩縛咤宝石，特价出售......
A burglar's bargain=窃贼的交易
"An Experimental Horticulturist is selling a mountain of seeds. Yes, she is very pleased with how well they turned out. No, she will not tell you what she treats her crops with."=一位实验园艺师正在出售堆积如山的种子。是的，她对它们的结果非常满意。不，她不会告诉你她用什么来处理她的作物。
An Experimental Horticulturist is selling a mountain of seeds...=一位实验园艺师正在出售堆积如山的种子...
Experimental seeds for a song=一首歌的实验性种子
"An Aristocratic Celestozoologist captures and studies the creatures of the High Wilderness. Now, he is selling some of his menagerie to fund his next hunting expedition. This time, he intents to hunt Grievers and Undeparted in Eleutheria. "=一位贵族塞莱斯托动物学家捕捉并研究了高原荒野上的生物。现在，他正在出售他的一些动物，以资助他的下一次狩猎探险。这一次，他打算在埃卢瑟亚（Eleutheria）猎杀格里弗斯和不死鸟。 
An Aristocratic Celestozoologist captures and studies the creatures of the High Wilderness...=一位贵族的塞莱斯托动物学家捕捉并研究高等荒野的生物。
Horrors of the heavens=天堂的恐怖
"Wordsworth? Keats? Whitman? Amateurs! The Snivelling Spirifer wipes his nose. ""Friends, here are the souls of true poets, who learned pentameter in Pan and alliteration in Achlys! Perfect for budding writers! An unparalleled conversation-starter! A paperweight! A doorstep!"" You can't verify whether they come from poets, of course, but the souls seem to be of very high quality indeed."="华兹华斯？济慈？惠特曼？业余爱好者！哭泣的小精灵擦了擦鼻子。""朋友们，这里有真正的诗人的灵魂，他们在潘氏学会了五音步，在阿克里斯学会了典故!非常适合初出茅庐的作家!一个无可比拟的话题引子!一个镇纸!一块门板！""当然，你无法证实它们是否来自诗人，但这些灵魂似乎确实质量很高。"
Wordsworth?=华兹华斯？
The souls of the peerless Eleutherian poets=无与伦比的Eleutherian诗人的灵魂
"A Poetical Prospector is selling barrels of hours to an interested crowd of Bohemians. ""Hours of melancholy, hours of wonder! Hours of optimism and tragedy! Buy a barrel, and spin yourself a day of your choosing! Inspiration is only an hour away!"" Yes  you're not sure it quite works like that, but the price is a good one."="一个诗意的探矿者正在向一群感兴趣的波西米亚人出售一桶桶的时间。""忧郁的小时，奇迹的小时！乐观和悲剧的小时！""。乐观主义和悲剧的时间!买一桶吧，让你自己选择一天!灵感只在一小时之外！""是的，你不确定它是否完全像那样运作，但这个价格是个好价格。"
A Poetical Prospector is selling barrels of hours to an interested crowd of Bohemians...=一个富有诗意的探矿者正在向感兴趣的波西米亚人出售桶装小时......
Hours for inspiration=激发灵感的时间
"An Auditor is looking for you. Fortunately, you're not in trouble. Although you're an independent agent, your establishment friends speak highly of you, and you have been selected to receive a special deal on armaments. ""Protecting our investment,"" the Auditor says."="一个审计员正在找你。幸运的是，你没有遇到麻烦。虽然你是一个独立的代理人，但你的机构朋友对你评价很高，而且你被选中接受军备方面的特殊交易。""保护我们的投资，""审计员说。"
An Auditor is looking for you...=一位审计员正在寻找你...
Firepower for the favoured=受宠者的火力
"A notorious smuggler's recent arrest is the excise-man's gain. The glittering contents of the smuggler's cargo hold are being auctioned off quickly, to raise money for the department. Only 'the right sort' of bidders are invited, and most purchases are negotiated in advance to avoid ruinous bidding-wars. How civilised."="一个臭名昭著的走私犯最近被逮捕，这是税务人员的收获。走私者货舱里闪闪发光的东西正在被迅速拍卖，以便为该部门筹集资金。只有 ""合适的 ""竞标者才会被邀请，而且大多数购买都是事先协商好的，以避免破坏性的竞标战争。多么文明。"
A notorious smuggler's recent arrest is the excise-man's gain...=一个臭名昭著的走私犯最近被逮捕，是税务人员的收获...
An auction of seized goods=扣押货物的拍卖
testing=检验
New bargain=新便宜货
ForgeOfSouls=灵魂的锻造
"A plucky archaeologist is selling souls of savage brightness. ""Found these in a vault only a few days away. Didn't need them all, but I could hardly just leave them there."" She considers you for a moment. ""I'll offer you a good deal if you take them off my hands. I'll need the space  I'm bound to pass more vaults on the way back to Albion. There'll be plenty left for the museum."""="一位勇敢的考古学家正在出售野蛮的光明的灵魂。""在一个只有几天路程的金库里发现了这些东西。我不需要它们全部，但我不能把它们留在那里。""她考虑了你一会儿。""如果你把它们从我手上拿走，我会给你一个好的交易。我需要这个空间，在回阿尔比恩的路上我一定会经过更多的金库。会有很多留给博物馆的。"""
A plucky archaeologist is selling souls of savage brightness...=一个勇敢的考古学家正在出售野蛮的光明的灵魂...
The archaeologist's game=考古学家的游戏
"They say in New Winchester that the skies of the Blue Kingdom are hung with diamonds the size of cows. A few gullible miners have made their way here, only to learn that the tales are exaggerated. This miner, for example, has yet to discover one larger than his head."=在新温彻斯特，他们说蓝色王国的天空挂满了牛一样大的钻石。一些容易受骗的矿工来到这里，才知道这些传说被夸大了。例如，这位矿工还没有发现比他的头还大的钻石。
They say in New Winchester that the skies of the Blue Kingdom are hung with diamonds the size of cows...=在新温彻斯特，他们说蓝色王国的天空挂满了牛一样大的钻石。
A grinning miner is selling gems=一个大大咧咧的矿工正在出售宝石
DeathsDoor=死亡之门
"A ragged tribe of scavengers, claiming to be exiles from the Graven who rule the White Well, pick through the churned mud. They sell wan, listless souls; all that remains of shades who failed the tests at Death's Door too many times."=一个衣衫褴褛的拾荒者部落，自称是统治白井的格雷文的流亡者，在搅动的泥浆中挑拣。他们出售枯萎的、无精打采的灵魂；那些在死亡之门前失败了太多次的阴暗面所剩下的一切。
"A ragged tribe of scavengers, claiming to be exiles from the Graven who rule the White Well, pick through the churned mud..."=一个衣衫褴褛的拾荒者部落，自称是统治白井的格雷文人的流亡者，在搅动的泥浆中挑来挑去。
All that remains=剩下的一切
WhiteWell=白薇儿
"Spirifers  traders in unlicensed souls  flock to the Blue Kingdom. Is it just the temptation of its sealed stores of souls and hapless, exploitable spirits? Or are they drawn to it, like pilgrims at Christmas or sparrows in summer? This Spirifer is selling her recent bounty, in order to raise capital for a secretive new venture."=贩卖无证灵魂的灵媒蜂拥到蓝色王国。这仅仅是其密封的灵魂仓库和无助的、可利用的精神的诱惑吗？还是他们被吸引到这里，就像圣诞节的朝圣者或夏天的麻雀？这名幽灵正在出售她最近的赏金，以便为一个神秘的新企业筹集资金。
Spirifers  traders in unlicensed souls  flock to the Blue Kingdom...=贩卖未获许可的灵魂的灵媒涌向蓝色王国...
The spirifer's supply=螺旋桨的供应
"In recent years, over-eager Scrive-Spinsters have picked reams of London literature from the wrecks of engines they have destroyed, and taken it to the Forge. A yoked servitor spirit is selling it off by the pound. He indicates that it's starting to clog up shelves that could be dedicated to more interesting and important subjects."=近年来，急于求成的Scrive-Spinsters从他们破坏的引擎残骸中挑出成堆的伦敦文献，并将其带到锻造厂。一个带着枷锁的仆人精神正在把它按磅卖掉。他表示，这些东西已经开始堵塞书架，而这些书架可以用来摆放更多有趣和重要的主题。
"In recent years, over-eager Scrive-Spinsters have picked reams of London literature from the wrecks of engines they have destroyed, and taken it to the Forge..."=近年来，急于求成的Scrive-Spinsters从他们破坏的引擎残骸中挑出成堆的伦敦文献，并将其带到锻造厂...。
Clogging up the stacks=堵塞堆积物
"A gloomy spirit sells folds of black cloth. These are the robes customarily worn by shades of the Invisible class, and are wrought of light-drinking bombazine to prevent them from offending the eye of their king. What became of the specific shades who wore these robes? The vendor will not say."=一个阴沉的灵魂在卖黑布的褶皱。这些是隐形阶级的阴魂们习惯穿的长袍，是用喝光的弹子织成的，以防止他们触犯国王的眼睛。穿着这些长袍的具体影子变成了什么？卖家不会说。
A gloomy spirit sells folds of black cloth...=一个阴郁的灵魂卖掉黑布的褶皱...
Robes of Bombazine=邦巴辛布的长袍
"A theologian who travelled here from London is selling his bibles, his prayer-books, and his hymnals. Having witnessed the afterlife firsthand, he has come to regard them as works of naive fiction."=一位从伦敦来到这里的神学家正在出售他的圣经、他的祈祷书和他的圣歌。在亲眼目睹了来世之后，他已经把它们视为天真的小说作品。
"A theologian who travelled here from London is selling his bibles, his prayer-books, and his hymnals..."=一位从伦敦来到这里的神学家正在出售他的圣经、他的祈祷书和他的赞美诗。
A crisis of faith=信仰的危机
"This glassmaker came to the Blue Kingdom in order to capture the gold of its sun and the blue awe of its sky. But he has looked too long and too closely. The light sears his eyes; his vision fades. But still he makes pane after pane, spending the last of his sight in attempts to trap the things he has seen in prisons of glass."=这位玻璃匠来到蓝色王国，是为了捕捉其太阳的金色和天空的蓝色威严。但他看得太长、太仔细。光线灼伤了他的眼睛；他的视力逐渐减退。但他仍然制作了一块又一块的玻璃，用他最后的视力试图把他所看到的东西困在玻璃的监狱里。
This glassmaker came to the Blue Kingdom in order to capture the gold of its sun and the blue awe of its sky...=这位玻璃制造商来到蓝色王国，以捕捉其太阳的金色和天空的蓝色敬畏...。
His last works=他的最后作品
"A visiting London aristocrat has become besotted with the scale and splendour and sequence of the Blue Kingdom. He sees no point in delaying his return here as one of the dead, and is selling his pension of hours in order to accelerate his end."=一位来访的伦敦贵族已经迷恋上了蓝色王国的规模、辉煌和序列。他认为，作为死者之一，他没有必要推迟返回这里，并正在出售他的养老金，以加速他的结束。
A visiting London aristocrat has become besotted with the scale and splendour and sequence of the Blue Kingdom...=一位来访的伦敦贵族迷恋上了蓝色王国的规模、辉煌和序列。
Hastening the end=加快结束
"He moves in stuttering starts, like a rabbit who knows a dog is about. Some call him a grave-robber, but he prefers 'archaeologist'. He's in no hurry, he professes, none at all, to shift these gemstones. Of <i>course</i> they're from a legitimate source: he plundered the vault himself."="他的动作结结巴巴，就像一只知道有狗来的兔子。有人叫他盗墓者，但他更喜欢 ""考古学家""。他说，他不急于转移这些宝石，一点都不急。当然，这些宝石的来源是合法的：他自己掠夺了金库。"
"He moves in stuttering starts, like a rabbit who knows a dog is about..."=他在结结巴巴地开始移动，就像一只知道狗要来的兔子。
A liberator of Navaratine Gemstones=曩縛咤宝石的解放者
"While excavating ice to build their homes at the well's edge, the Psalmists unearthed a number of large, sinuous creatures frozen within it. The beasts thaw slowly. Still trapped, this one flicks a lazy eyelid. For a fee, you may take the monsters off the Psalmists hands."=诗人们在井边挖掘冰块建房时，发现了一些冻结在冰块中的大型蜿蜒生物。这些野兽慢慢解冻。仍然被困住的这只眼睛懒洋洋地眨了一下。有了钱，你就可以把这些怪物从诗篇家的手上拿走。
"While excavating ice to build their homes at the well's edge, the Psalmists unearthed a number of large, sinuous creatures frozen within it..."=在挖掘冰块以在井边建造他们的家园时，诗人们发现了一些冻结在其中的大型、蜿蜒的生物......。
On ice=在冰上
"Some say that Navaratine gemstones are cooled sparks that once fell from the Forge of Souls during its heyday. The shades that watch over the Forge occasionally find a new trove of them glimmering among the mounds of ash and slag. One of the spirits, a Scorched Servitor, furtively sells handfuls of the gems in the shadow of the port's gate. It does not say what it wants with London currency."=有人说，曩縛咤宝石是全盛时期曾经从灵魂铸炉落下的冷却火花。看守铸炉的阴魂们偶尔会在灰烬和矿渣堆中发现新的宝石库，并在其中闪闪发光。其中一个阴魂，一个烧焦的仆人，在港口大门的阴影下偷偷摸摸地卖了一把宝石。它没有说它想用伦敦货币买什么。
Some say that Navaratine gemstones are cooled sparks that once fell from the Forge of Souls during its heyday...=有人说，曩縛咤宝石是全盛时期曾经从灵魂铸炉落下的冷却的火花......
The residue of creation=创造的残留物
"Only a minority of the shades of the Blue Kingdom are human, or even human-like. Here, between Death's Doorstop and the Endless Furrows, a group of pachydermous spirits congregate. Their thick legs, and the prehensile trunks that hang from behind their huge porcelain death-masks, are caked with the local grey mud. They will exchange souls  possibly theirs, possibly not  in exchange for sovereigns, which they eat one by one before taking the next. It is a slow transaction."="蓝色王国的阴影中只有少数是人类，甚至是类似人类的。在这里，在 ""死亡之门 ""和 ""无尽之沟 ""之间，聚集着一群长颈鹿的灵魂。他们粗壮的腿，以及挂在巨大的瓷质死亡面具后面的无柄树干，都被当地的灰色泥浆所覆盖。他们会交换灵魂，可能是他们的，也可能不是，以换取金镑，他们在拿下一个金镑之前，会一个一个地吃掉。这是一个缓慢的交易。"
"Only a minority of the shades of the Blue Kingdom are human, or even human-like..."=蓝色王国的阴影中只有少数是人类，甚至是类似人类的......
Souls for silver=白银的灵魂
"Grandmother doesn't want these ones. One of the Widows, a cadaverous woman, holds a knot of sorrow-spiders in her arms. They have been woven intricately together: a braid of jointed legs and faceted eyes. She thrusts it towards you. ""You may purchase them."""="祖母不想要这些。寡妇之一，一个尸位素餐的女人，怀里抱着一结悲伤的蜘蛛。它们被错综复杂地编织在一起：有关节的腿和面状的眼睛组成的辫子。她把它推给你。""你可以购买它们。"""
Grandmother doesn't want these ones...=祖母不想要这些......。
A hissed offer=嘶哑的报价
"A many-legged spirit paws at your arm and pulls you towards a trove of hours it has piled in a ditch. These are hours shed by spirits intending to pass through Death's Door. Their quality is as good as any dug from a sky-rock, or from the Mother of Mountains."=一个多腿的灵魂用爪子抓着你的胳膊，把你拉向它堆在沟里的时间宝库。这些是打算通过死亡之门的灵魂所留下的时间。它们的质量不亚于从天岩上挖出来的，或者从山之母那里挖出来的。
A many-legged spirit paws at your arm and pulls you towards a trove of hours it has piled in a ditch...=一个多腿的精灵用爪子抓着你的胳膊，把你拉向它堆在沟里的时间宝库......。
"Unneeded, abandoned"=不需要的，被遗弃的
"The Devil is pleased to have done great work at the Home Bureau. ""See what one can accomplish when one sees idleness as potential, London's detritus as opportunity, not waste, and tedium as the crucible of perfection."" He offers a selection of scrupulously refined souls."="魔鬼很高兴在家庭局做了伟大的工作。""看看当一个人把游手好闲看作是潜力，把伦敦的垃圾看作是机会而不是浪费，把乏味看作是完美的熔炉时，他能取得什么成就。""他提供了一些严格意义上的高雅灵魂的选择。"
The Devil is pleased to have done great work at the Home Bureau...=魔鬼很高兴在家庭局做了伟大的工作...
Souls from the Horizon=来自地平线的灵魂
